events/dc-2016/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc-2016"
title: TransportationCamp DC 2016 
published: true
---
Mark your calendars for the 5th annual TransportationCamp in Washington, DC: [Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/) is putting together plans to hold this event on Saturday, January 9, 2016, the day before the start of the [Transportation Research Board 95th Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting/AnnualMeeting.aspx). 

TransportationCamp is an “unconference” that brings together transportation professionals, technologists, and others interested in the intersection of urban transportation and technology. Want to learn more about unconferences? Here's our handy guide: [How TransportationCamp works: the essential guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/).

Bring your ideas to expand the opportunities we have to improve mobility through recent advances in technology, such as Web 2.0, mobile computing, open source software, open data and APIs, and spatial analysis. Participants will also examine ways to build connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering. 

Learn about last year's event by browsing the hackpads linked to from the [schedule](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2015/schedule.html) or via [tcamp2015dc.hackpad.com](https://tcamp2015dc.hackpad.com/). Pages for previous years: [2012](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc/), [2013](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2013/), [2014](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2014/), and [2015](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2015/). 

Stay tuned to [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp) (and the [#transpo16](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo16) hashtag) for news about this event and other TransportationCamps as they are announced.

Commit message:

add Outside the Box Competition

events/dc-2016/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc-2016"
title: TransportationCamp DC 2016 
published: true
---
Mark your calendars for the 5th annual TransportationCamp in Washington, DC: [Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/) is putting together plans to hold this event on Saturday, January 9, 2016, the day before the start of the [Transportation Research Board 95th Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting/AnnualMeeting.aspx). 

TransportationCamp is an “unconference” that brings together transportation professionals, technologists, and others interested in the intersection of urban transportation and technology. Want to learn more about unconferences? Here's our handy guide: [How TransportationCamp works: the essential guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/).

Bring your ideas to expand the opportunities we have to improve mobility through recent advances in technology, such as Web 2.0, mobile computing, open source software, open data and APIs, and spatial analysis. Participants will also examine ways to build connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering. 

Learn about last year's event by browsing the hackpads linked to from the [schedule](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2015/schedule.html) or via [tcamp2015dc.hackpad.com](https://tcamp2015dc.hackpad.com/). Pages for previous years: [2012](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc/), [2013](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2013/), [2014](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2014/), and [2015](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2015/). 

The [Cameron Rian Hays Outside the Box Competition](http://outsidethebox.gmu.edu/) will be held the same weekend. 
We invite everyone to enter the competition - First prize is $10,000.

Stay tuned to [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp) (and the [#transpo16](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo16) hashtag) for news about this event and other TransportationCamps as they are announced.
