events/ithaca-2018/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "ithaca-2018"
title: TransportationCamp Ithaca 2018
published: true
---
## Saturday, June 16

SAVE THE DATE - TICKETS NOT AVAILABLE YET & EXACT LOCATION ON CORNELL'S CAMPUS IS TBD.

TransportationCamp is an unconference bringing together transportation professionals, technologists, and others interested in the intersection of urban transportation and technology.

Transportation is a major metropolitan issue, with direct impacts on economic strength, environmental sustainability, and social equity. Recent advances in technology—mobile computing, open source software, open data and APIs, and spatial analysis—present an opportunity to improve mobility more immediately and at a lower cost than has ever been possible in the past.

TransportationCamp raises awareness of this opportunity and builds connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering.

More info at [facebook.com/events/375667812879979](https://www.facebook.com/events/375667812879979/).

For questions, contact Gary Cremeens, ​[grc22@cornell.edu](mailto:grc22@cornell.edu).

Commit message:

Ithaca postponed to the fall

events/ithaca-2018/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "ithaca-2018"
title: TransportationCamp Ithaca 2018
published: true
---

We regret to announce this event has been postponed to the fall. Please check [facebook.com/events/375667812879979](https://www.facebook.com/events/375667812879979/) for updates.

TransportationCamp is an unconference bringing together transportation professionals, technologists, and others interested in the intersection of urban transportation and technology.

Transportation is a major metropolitan issue, with direct impacts on economic strength, environmental sustainability, and social equity. Recent advances in technology—mobile computing, open source software, open data and APIs, and spatial analysis—present an opportunity to improve mobility more immediately and at a lower cost than has ever been possible in the past.

TransportationCamp raises awareness of this opportunity and builds connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering.

For questions, contact Gary Cremeens, ​[grc22@cornell.edu](mailto:grc22@cornell.edu).
