events/phl2018/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2018"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2018
published: true
---


In the birthplace of America, at the nexus of the Northeast Corridor (less than two hours from New York and Washington), we invite you to join us for TransportationCamp PHL 2018! The inaugural Philadelphia incarnation of the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event. Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, come prepared for an exciting day of ideas situated at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you at Drexel's PISB center on April 14! Space is limited; make sure to reserve your space quickly. [Registration details are below.](#registration)

## Schedule

| Time | Event |
|------|------|
| 9am-10am | Registration, Networking, and Breakfast |
| 10am-11am | Welcome, Introductions, Session Proposals |
| 11am-12pm | Session 1
| 12:15pm-1:15pm | Lunch and Afternoon Session Proposals
| 1:30pm-2:30pm |Session 2
| 2:45pm-3:45pm | Session 3
| 3:45pm-4pm | Break
| 4pm-5pm | Session 4
| 5pm | Networking

## First Time at a TransportationCamp?

- **How To TransportationCamp**: The folks at MobilityLab have taken the time to put together a [TransportationCamp 101 guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/) that explains all aspects of the event.
- **Participation Encouraged**: Sessions are formed as the day goes on, so be sure to come with topics for discussion. If you have an idea, feel free to share and add your thoughts. 
- **Rule of Two Feet:** Never hesitate to leave a session if you suddenly find it's not for you, or if there's another session that you want to check out, too!
- **Dress Code**: TransportationCamp is a very casual event. Although you might be inclined to dress up for a conference, your best attire is your coolest transportation tee shirt!

## <a name="registration"></a> Registration
<div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=42615402817&ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="393" width="100%" vspace="0" hspace="0" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto" allowtransparency="true"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:12px; padding:10px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;" ><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #ADB0B6; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="https://www.eventbrite.com/">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div>

## Getting to TCPHL

Drexel's Papadakis Integrated Sciences Building is located at 33rd and Chestnut Streets, less than a 10 minute walk from Philadelphia's 30th Street Station.

- All SEPTA Regional Rail, Amtrak, and NJ Transit Atlantic City Line trains stop at Philadelphia's 30th Street Station (four blocks away from PISB), including SEPTA's Airport Line which connects all airport terminals with 30th Street every 30 minutes.
- Megabus and Bolt Bus stop immediately outside 30th Street Station at 30th Street and JFK Blvd.
- SEPTA's Market-Frankford Elevated will get you even closer to the event (two blocks away) at the 34th Street MFL stop.
- SEPTA's Trolley Routes stop even closer – less than a block away – at 33rd Street.
- SEPTA's 30, 31, 21, and 42 buses all stop no more than a block from PISB, and the 40 is nearby, too. The 9, 44, 62, 124, and 125 buses are also accessible at 30th Street Station.
- South Jerseyans can easily connect from PATCO to the Market-Frankford Elevated at 8th & Market.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d12233.702859903971!2d-75.1894166!3d39.9542337!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0xa51c494800f66f42!2sPapadakis+Integrated+Sciences+Building!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1517199706639" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Social Media

Stay up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHL18**.


## Sponsorship

TransportationCampPHL has been made possible thanks to the generous support of numerous sponsors, including the Philadelphia Chapter of Womens' Transportation Seminar, AECOM, Lyft, KMJ Consulting, and the Evans Network of Companies.

#### Dilworth Plaza

<a href="http://www.wtsinternational.org/philadelphia/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/wts logo.jpg" alt="WTS International, Philadelphia Chapter" style="max-width:300px; max-height:250px;"></a>

<a href="http://www.aecom.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/aecom.jpg" alt="AECOM" style="max-width:300px; max-height:275px;"></a>

#### Rittenhouse Square

<a href="https://www.lyft.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/lyft.jpg" alt="Lyft" style="max-width:200px; max-height:135px;"></a>

<a href="https://www.wsp.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/wsp logo rebrand_4C.jpg" alt="WSP" style="max-width:200px; max-height:135px;"></a>

#### Penn's Landing

<a href="http://www.evansdelivery.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/evans.png" alt="Evans" style="max-width:150px; max-height:120px;"></a>  <a href="http://kmjinc.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/kmj consulting.jpg" alt="KMJ Consulting" style="max-width:150px; max-height:100px;"></a>

#### Become a Sponsor!

Interested in becoming a sponsor? We offer various levels of sponsorship that are sure to fit the budget of all firms, businesses, and organizations; plus, we also offer a sponsorship option for individuals. For sponsorship inquiries, please contact us at [transportationcampphl@gmail.com](mailto:transportationcampphl@gmail.com).


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp Philadelphia is being organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and  bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's five co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).

Commit message:

Added board and final details

events/phl2018/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2018"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2018
published: true
---


In the birthplace of America, at the nexus of the Northeast Corridor (less than two hours from New York and Washington), we invite you to join us for TransportationCamp PHL 2018! The inaugural Philadelphia incarnation of the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event. Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, come prepared for an exciting day of ideas situated at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you at Drexel's PISB center on April 14! Space is limited; make sure to reserve your space quickly. [Registration details are below.](#registration)

## Schedule

> ## [Click Here to Access the Live Board & Notes](http://bit.ly/tcphl18board)

| Time | Event |
|------|------|
| 9am-10am | Registration, Networking, and Breakfast |
| 10am-11am | Welcome, Introductions, Session Proposals |
| 11am-12pm | Session 1
| 12:15pm-1:15pm | Lunch and Afternoon Session Proposals
| 1:30pm-2:30pm |Session 2
| 2:45pm-3:45pm | Session 3
| 3:45pm-4pm | Break
| 4pm-5pm | Session 4
| 5pm | Continue the conversations/networking at Wahoo's (32nd & Chestnut)

## First Time at a TransportationCamp?

- **How To TransportationCamp**: The folks at MobilityLab have taken the time to put together a [TransportationCamp 101 guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/) that explains all aspects of the event.
- **Participation Encouraged**: Sessions are formed as the day goes on, so be sure to come with topics for discussion. If you have an idea, feel free to share and add your thoughts. 
- **Rule of Two Feet:** Never hesitate to leave a session if you suddenly find it's not for you, or if there's another session that you want to check out, too!
- **Dress Code**: TransportationCamp is a very casual event. Although you might be inclined to dress up for a conference, your best attire is your coolest transportation tee shirt!

## <a name="registration"></a> Registration
<div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=42615402817&ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="393" width="100%" vspace="0" hspace="0" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto" allowtransparency="true"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:12px; padding:10px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;" ><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #ADB0B6; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="https://www.eventbrite.com/">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div>

## Getting to TCPHL

Drexel's Papadakis Integrated Sciences Building is located at 33rd and Chestnut Streets, less than a 10 minute walk from Philadelphia's 30th Street Station.

- All SEPTA Regional Rail, Amtrak, and NJ Transit Atlantic City Line trains stop at Philadelphia's 30th Street Station (four blocks away from PISB), including SEPTA's Airport Line which connects all airport terminals with 30th Street every 30 minutes.
- Megabus and Bolt Bus stop immediately outside 30th Street Station at 30th Street and JFK Blvd.
- SEPTA's Market-Frankford Elevated will get you even closer to the event (two blocks away) at the 34th Street MFL stop.
- SEPTA's Trolley Routes stop even closer – less than a block away – at 33rd Street.
- SEPTA's 30, 31, 21, and 42 buses all stop no more than a block from PISB, and the 40 is nearby, too. The 9, 44, 62, 124, and 125 buses are also accessible at 30th Street Station.
- South Jerseyans can easily connect from PATCO to the Market-Frankford Elevated at 8th & Market.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d12233.702859903971!2d-75.1894166!3d39.9542337!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0xa51c494800f66f42!2sPapadakis+Integrated+Sciences+Building!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1517199706639" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Social Media

Stay up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHL18**.


## Sponsorship

TransportationCampPHL has been made possible thanks to the generous support of numerous sponsors, including the Philadelphia Chapter of Womens' Transportation Seminar, AECOM, Lyft, KMJ Consulting, and the Evans Network of Companies.

#### Dilworth Plaza

<a href="http://www.wtsinternational.org/philadelphia/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/wts logo.jpg" alt="WTS International, Philadelphia Chapter" style="max-width:300px; max-height:250px;"></a>

<a href="http://www.aecom.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/aecom.jpg" alt="AECOM" style="max-width:300px; max-height:275px;"></a>

#### Rittenhouse Square

<a href="https://www.lyft.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/lyft.jpg" alt="Lyft" style="max-width:200px; max-height:135px;"></a>

<a href="https://www.wsp.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/wsp logo rebrand_4C.jpg" alt="WSP" style="max-width:200px; max-height:135px;"></a>

#### Penn's Landing

<a href="http://www.evansdelivery.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/evans.png" alt="Evans" style="max-width:150px; max-height:120px;"></a>  <a href="http://kmjinc.com/"><img src="http://transportationcamp.org/events/phl2018/sponsor_logos/kmj consulting.jpg" alt="KMJ Consulting" style="max-width:150px; max-height:100px;"></a>

#### Benefactors

- [IBI Group](https://www.ibigroup.com/)

#### Become a Sponsor!

Interested in becoming a sponsor? We offer various levels of sponsorship that are sure to fit the budget of all firms, businesses, and organizations; plus, we also offer a sponsorship option for individuals. For sponsorship inquiries, please contact us at [transportationcampphl@gmail.com](mailto:transportationcampphl@gmail.com).


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp Philadelphia is being organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and  bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's five co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).
