events/phl2021/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2021"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2021
published: true
---
<h1><center>The industry's first virtual conference is prepared for another great year in Spring 2021!</center></h1>

Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, we welcome you [in spirit] to our nation's birthplace at the center of the NEC for a day filled with ideas at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism. As always, the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you! [Connect with us](#connect)

## *[<center> Learn more about the TCPHL Academic Innovation Award</center>](#scholarship)*

## TransportationCamp PHL 2021 Logistics

### *What's the plan for TransportationCamp PHL 2021?*

The team that famously pivoted to a virtual conference only weeks prior to a scheduled in-person event is evaluating all options for a safe and enjoyable conference in Spring 2021.

Given changing guidance and uncertainty in the future, we are exploring countless possibilities to provide an experience that maximizes our desire to share knowledge and ideas while also enabling the ability to forge connections in-person where safe, possible, and practical.

Rest assured, **as demonstrated in 2020, the safety of all attendees remains of the utmost priority for the organizing committee, and we've proven that a virtual conference can be viable and successful**. Regardless of in-person options offered (if any), we are indeed planning to offer a fully-virtual experience for those who prefer.

We will have more details to share as the Spring approaches. Due to possible schedule shifts to accommodate changing COVID restrictions, we are refraining from publishing a tentative date at this time. **Historically, we have targeted mid-March through April and early May.**


### *How do I find out about TransportationCamp PHL 2021?*

We'll be releasing updates on social media and via email. As usual, our email subscribers will be given first dibs on registration, so don't forget to register below!


##  <a name="connect"></a> Stay Connected

Make sure you're up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHL21**.

Want to make sure you don't miss a thing? We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h5>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h5>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->


### <a name="scholarship"></a> The TCPHL Academic Innovation Award

Returning for a second year, TransportationCamp PHL is pleased to announce the **2021 TransportationCamp PHL Academic Innovation Award presented by David Klahr Consulting**! This award, the first of its kind ever offered by a TransportationCamp when introduced in 2020, challenges students to prepare a response to the following prompt:

> Transportation networks are becoming increasingly integrated, with multimodal journeys representing a much larger portion of individual mode choice. Some modes provide robust interoperability in payment systems, such as E-ZPass which can be used by an automobile anywhere in the Northeast. Others, such as transit systems, are typically restricted by mode and operator (e.g. SEPTA Key), limiting integration with counterpart networks.
> 
> What can the Philadelphia region do right now with existing real-world systems and resources to make this work better?  What actionable changes would you implement in this region, and why? How would these changes promote integrated mobility solutions?

Submissions must be in PDF format, no longer than 10 pages (including any pictures/graphs/charts), and submitted no later than February 28, 2020. **The winner shall receive the award, free admission to all aspects of the conference, and a generous $500 scholarship!**

Commit message:

Fixes year and clarifies PHL 2021 vision

events/phl2021/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2021"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2021
published: true
---
<h1><center>The industry's first virtual conference is prepared for another great year in Spring 2021!</center></h1>

Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, we welcome you [in spirit] to our nation's birthplace at the center of the NEC for a day filled with ideas at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism. As always, the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you! [Connect with us](#connect)

## *[<center> Learn more about the TCPHL Academic Innovation Award</center>](#scholarship)*

## TransportationCamp PHL 2021 Logistics

### *What's the plan for TransportationCamp PHL 2021?*

The team that famously pivoted to a virtual conference only weeks prior to a scheduled in-person event is evaluating all options for a safe and enjoyable conference in Spring 2021.

Given changing guidance and uncertainty in the future, we are exploring countless possibilities to provide an experience that maximizes our desire to share knowledge and ideas while also enabling the ability to forge connections in-person where safe, possible, and practical.

Rest assured, **as demonstrated in 2020, the safety of all attendees remains of the utmost priority for the organizing committee, and we've proven that a virtual conference can be viable and successful**. Regardless of in-person options offered, we are indeed planning to offer a fully-virtual experience for those who prefer.

**Our current vision calls for a fully-virtual conference in our typical timeframe of mid-March through April and early May, followed by an outdoor exploration and in-person happy hour as weather improves and restrictions lift (in late spring or early summer).**

We will have more details to share as the Spring approaches. Due to possible schedule shifts to accommodate changing COVID restrictions, we are refraining from publishing tentative dates at this time.


### *How do I find out about TransportationCamp PHL 2021?*

We'll be releasing updates on social media and via email. As usual, our email subscribers will be given first dibs on registration, so don't forget to register below!


##  <a name="connect"></a> Stay Connected

Make sure you're up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHL21**.

Want to make sure you don't miss a thing? We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h5>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h5>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->


### <a name="scholarship"></a> The TCPHL Academic Innovation Award

Returning for a second year, TransportationCamp PHL is pleased to announce the **2021 TransportationCamp PHL Academic Innovation Award presented by David Klahr Consulting**! This award, the first of its kind ever offered by a TransportationCamp when introduced in 2020, challenges students to prepare a response to the following prompt:

> Transportation networks are becoming increasingly integrated, with multimodal journeys representing a much larger portion of individual mode choice. Some modes provide robust interoperability in payment systems, such as E-ZPass which can be used by an automobile anywhere in the Northeast. Others, such as transit systems, are typically restricted by mode and operator (e.g. SEPTA Key), limiting integration with counterpart networks.
> 
> What can the Philadelphia region do right now with existing real-world systems and resources to make this work better?  What actionable changes would you implement in this region, and why? How would these changes promote integrated mobility solutions?

Submissions must be in PDF format, no longer than 10 pages (including any pictures/graphs/charts), and submitted no later than February 28, 2021. **The winner shall receive the award, free admission to all aspects of the conference, and a generous $500 scholarship!**
