events/phl2019/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2019"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2019
published: true
---


Following a tremendously successful inaugural year, TransportationCamp PHL is back for 2019!

Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, we welcome you to our nation's birthplace at the center of the NEC for a day filled with ideas at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism. As always, the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you! [Follow Us](#registration)

# <center>Mark Your Calendar — April 13, 2019</center>

## <a name="registration"></a> Registration

Find out when registration opens before tickets sell out! We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list to ensure you don't miss a thing:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h2>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h2>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->

## Social Media

Stay up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHL19**.


#### Become a Sponsor!

Interested in becoming a sponsor? We offer various levels of sponsorship that are sure to fit the budget of all firms, businesses, and organizations; plus, we also offer a sponsorship option for individuals. For sponsorship inquiries, please contact us at [transportationcampphl@gmail.com](mailto:transportationcampphl@gmail.com).


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp Philadelphia is being organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and  bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's five co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).

## First Time at a TransportationCamp?

- **How To TransportationCamp**: The folks at MobilityLab have taken the time to put together a [TransportationCamp 101 guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/) that explains all aspects of the event.
- **Participation Encouraged**: Sessions are formed as the day goes on, so be sure to come with topics for discussion. If you have an idea, feel free to share and add your thoughts. 
- **Rule of Two Feet:** Never hesitate to leave a session if you suddenly find it's not for you, or if there's another session that you want to check out, too!
- **Dress Code**: TransportationCamp is a very casual event. Although you might be inclined to dress up for a conference, your best attire is your coolest transportation tee shirt!

Commit message:

Updated for rescheduled TCPHL date (moved to 3/30)

events/phl2019/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2019"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2019
published: true
---


Following a tremendously successful inaugural year, TransportationCamp PHL is back for 2019!

Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, we welcome you to our nation's birthplace at the center of the NEC for a day filled with ideas at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism. As always, the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you! [Follow Us](#registration)

# <center>Mark Your Calendar — **NOW March 30, 2019** (RESCHEDULED from ~April 13~)</center>

*Please note the **earlier** date due to a conflict with our venue.*

## <a name="registration"></a> Registration

Find out when registration opens before tickets sell out! We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list to ensure you don't miss a thing:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h2>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h2>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->

## Social Media

Stay up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHL19**.


#### Become a Sponsor!

Interested in becoming a sponsor? We offer various levels of sponsorship that are sure to fit the budget of all firms, businesses, and organizations; plus, we also offer a sponsorship option for individuals. For sponsorship inquiries, please contact us at [transportationcampphl@gmail.com](mailto:transportationcampphl@gmail.com).


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp Philadelphia is being organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and  bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's five co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).

## First Time at a TransportationCamp?

- **How To TransportationCamp**: The folks at MobilityLab have taken the time to put together a [TransportationCamp 101 guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/) that explains all aspects of the event.
- **Participation Encouraged**: Sessions are formed as the day goes on, so be sure to come with topics for discussion. If you have an idea, feel free to share and add your thoughts. 
- **Rule of Two Feet:** Never hesitate to leave a session if you suddenly find it's not for you, or if there's another session that you want to check out, too!
- **Dress Code**: TransportationCamp is a very casual event. Although you might be inclined to dress up for a conference, your best attire is your coolest transportation tee shirt!
