events/phl2022-summer/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2022-summer"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2022 Summer Gathering
published: true
---

<style>
	* {
		box-sizing: border-box;
	}
	.image {
	  float: left;
	  width: 45%;
	  padding: 2.5%;
	}

	img.gallery {
		display:block;
		max-width: 85%;
		margin-left: auto;
		margin-right: auto;
	}
</style>

<h1><center>By popular demand, the TCPHL Summer Gathering is back for our second-annual event on Saturday, July 23, 2022</center></h1>

<center><img src="/events/phl2022-summer/philly-22-summer-lastyrpark.jpg" width="50%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/> </center>

**The TCPHL22 team is pleased to be hosting our second-annual Summer Gathering event on Saturday, July 23, 2022.**

Initially formed as an extension of our 2021 virtual conference to offer a safe, outdoor in-person experience, the event was such a blast, we're keeping it going as a standalone event.

As with last year, the event will feature a day of urban exploration with fellow TransportationCamp participants, concluding with a happy hour in the afternoon.

The event is open to recent and former attendees of TransportationCamp PHL, members of YPT chapters from Philadelphia and beyond, and their friends and family. (Yes, we're family-friendly, and have had some families join!)

Are you a local or looking to make a long weekend out of it? Our event is designed to help you make the most out of your time in the Philadelphia region.

We're ecstatic to be seeing you in-person in July. Let the summer fun commence!

*Tickets are complimentary; there is no charge to participate, although food, transportation, and admission to any activities (e.g. museums, events, sports) are not included.*


## <a name="registration"></a> Registration

> # Registration is **now OPEN**! Register now below!


<!------>
<div id="eventbrite-widget-container-342450858737"></div>

<script src="https://www.eventbrite.com/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '342450858737',
        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-342450858737',

        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: 425,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>
<!------->

## Components of the Day

### Getting Here for 11:30am Kickoff

The day begins at **30th Street Station** in Philadelphia, the city's beautiful primary rail terminal with connecting service throughout the region and beyond.

Service is available on all SEPTA Regional Rail lines, all Trolley lines, the Market-Frankford line, countless bus routes, Amtrak Acela/Regional/Keystone/Long-Distance service, Megabus, NJ Transit's Atlantic City Line, and more.

As usual, Philadelphia makes for a great day trip from New York, Washington, Baltimore, and beyond — and Amtrak tickets are starting at $18 or less from all of those locations!

> *Suggested Amtrak Trains on 7/23:*
> 
> - Regional 164 (arriving 11:07am) from Baltimore, Washington (DC), & Richmond
> - Keystone 664 (arriving 11:15am) from Lancaster & Harrisburg
> - Regional 143 (arriving 11:12am) from New York, Stamford, New Haven, Hartford, & Springfield (MA); and connecting with Empire 250 from Poughkeepsie & Albany
> - Acela 2249 (arriving 11:15am) from New York, Providence, & Boston


### TransportationCamp PHL Exploration Challenge [11:30am-3:30pm]

<center><img src="/events/phl2022-summer/art_museum.jpg" width="45%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/> </center>

At 11:30am, we will kickoff the second-annual TransportationCamp PHL Exploration Challenge! The unique choose-your-own-adventure format encourages attendees to meet new people in small groups of around 5 (+/- 2), explore the city's transportation highlights, and see some of Philadelphia's best attractions.

Groups will form at 11:30am, so if you're coming by yourself or a couple, you'll be able to meet other attendees before the challenge commences and set out on your exploration with others. Feel free to invite your significant other, family, and friends.

Participants will be provided a map of key locations in the Philadelphia region — both transit-related and not — and an associated "point value," earned by posting a photo of the entire team at their designated location to a designated channel on the TransportationCamp PHL Slack. **The team that earns the most points will win a prize!**

<div class="gallery">
	<div class="image">
		<img class="gallery" src="/events/phl2022-summer/swag-bag-winners.jpg" width="100%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/>
	</div><div class="image">
		<img class="gallery" src="/events/phl2022-summer/team-with-cash.jpg" width="100%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/>
	</div>
</div>

&nbsp;
<br>
Examples:

| Highlight | Points |
|-----|:-----:|
| Riding every SEPTA mode | TBD |
| Using a IndeGo bike | TBD |
| Getting lunch at Reading Terminal Market | TBD |
| Visiting the 69th Street Terminal | TBD |
| Visiting the Ben Franklin Bridge walkway | TBD |

**Think of it like a scavenger hunt where YOU retain control your destinations, route, and itinerary.** Those who want to spend most of their time talking with others are encouraged to do so while visiting the transit highlights on the map, whereas those new to Philadelphia are also encouraged to explore all that the region has to offer. Whatever you're looking to do, our map is sure to give you inspiration to make the most of the challenge. Attended in the past? Be prepared for a new map with changes to the locations and point values!



### Afternoon Gathering & Happy Hour [4-5:30pm]

The challenge will conclude at 3:30pm, followed by the Afternoon Gathering at [Cira Green](https://ciragreen.com/about/) — a unique elevated urban park located one block from 30th Street Station — or a similar location TBA. Snacks and beverages are available at [Sunset Social](https://sunsetsocialphl.com/) in the park.

This will be a time to discuss the things you saw, transportation developments in to Philadelphia and beyond, and to connect with likeminded individuals.

We'll also recognize our winners

### [OPTIONAL] After the event

Are you local or making a weekend trip? After the event concludes, there's tons of great ways to extend the fun. Coordinate plans with other attendees in the event slack's #2022-summer-weekend channel. Some suggestions:

- Get tickets to the 6:05pm Phillies Game (vs Chicago Cubs)!
  - *Note: Instead of group tickets this year, we encourage interested attendees to coordinate with one another in the event slack.*
- Continue exploring the Philadelphia region with other newfound friends, including other sights on the map you didn't get to visit
- Go "down the shore" and spend a night in "America's Playground" of Atlantic City, then wake up to miles of gorgeous beaches along the boardwalk

## Safety Precautions

As with before, this event attempts to minimize total indoor gathering size by encouraging the formation of small groups during the exploration component, and using large, airy venues where possible. All participants will be expected to comply with local and federal guidelines regarding COVID-19 safety measures, including any mask requirements for public transportation. All attendees are participating at their own risk.


##  <a name="connect"></a> Stay Connected

Make sure you're up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampPHL), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/), and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHLSummer22**.

Most importantly, stay tuned to the **TCPHL Slack site** where we'll announce additional details and coordinate day-of logistics. New attendees will receive the slack invite after registering; previous attendees should verify their slack notifications remain enabled.

Want to make sure you don't miss a thing? We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h5>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h5>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp PHL is organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel's Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).

Commit message:

Adds OurBus offer and updates train schedules

events/phl2022-summer/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2022-summer"
title: TransportationCamp PHL 2022 Summer Gathering
published: true
---

<style>
	* {
		box-sizing: border-box;
	}
	.image {
	  float: left;
	  width: 45%;
	  padding: 2.5%;
	}

	img.gallery {
		display:block;
		max-width: 85%;
		margin-left: auto;
		margin-right: auto;
	}
</style>

<h1><center>By popular demand, the TCPHL Summer Gathering is back for our second-annual event on Saturday, July 23, 2022</center></h1>

<center><img src="/events/phl2022-summer/philly-22-summer-lastyrpark.jpg" width="50%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/> </center>

**The TCPHL22 team is pleased to be hosting our second-annual Summer Gathering event on Saturday, July 23, 2022.**

Initially formed as an extension of our 2021 virtual conference to offer a safe, outdoor in-person experience, the event was such a blast, we're keeping it going as a standalone event.

As with last year, the event will feature a day of urban exploration with fellow TransportationCamp participants, concluding with a happy hour in the afternoon.

The event is open to recent and former attendees of TransportationCamp PHL, members of YPT chapters from Philadelphia and beyond, and their friends and family. (Yes, we're family-friendly, and have had some families join!)

Are you a local or looking to make a long weekend out of it? Our event is designed to help you make the most out of your time in the Philadelphia region.

We're ecstatic to be seeing you in-person in July. Let the summer fun commence!

*Tickets are complimentary; there is no charge to participate, although food, transportation, and admission to any activities (e.g. museums, events, sports) are not included.*


## <a name="registration"></a> Registration

> # Registration is **now OPEN**! Register now below!


<!------>
<div id="eventbrite-widget-container-342450858737"></div>

<script src="https://www.eventbrite.com/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '342450858737',
        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-342450858737',

        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: 425,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>
<!------->

## Components of the Day

### Getting Here for 11:30am Kickoff

The day begins at **30th Street Station** in Philadelphia, the city's beautiful primary rail terminal with connecting service throughout the region and beyond.

Service is available on all SEPTA Regional Rail lines, all Trolley lines, the Market-Frankford line, countless bus routes, Amtrak Acela/Regional/Keystone/Long-Distance service, Megabus, OurBus, NJ Transit's Atlantic City Line, and more.

As usual, Philadelphia makes for a great day trip from New York, Washington, Baltimore, and beyond — and Amtrak tickets are starting at $18 or less from all of those locations!

<a id="ourbus">[**NEW**] 🚌 Coming from NY? TCPHL is pleased to announce that OurBus is providing complimentary transportation to the event from New York for members of any Young Professionals in Transportation chapter! This is a great opportunity to try their service. Not already a member of YPT? [Become a member today to enjoy year-round programming and events for 20% LESS than the cost of a one-way SEPTA/NJT ticket from NY.](https://yptransportation.app.neoncrm.com/np/clients/yptransportation/membershipJoin.jsp)</a> Details on how to book your complimentary ticket will be provided upon event registration.

> *Suggested Trips on 7/23:*
> 
> - Amtrak Regional 164 (arriving 11:07am) from Baltimore, Washington (DC), & Richmond
> - Amtrak Keystone 664 (arriving 11:15am) from Lancaster & Harrisburg
> - OurBus 261521 (arriving 10:00am) from New York — [**FREE** for YPT Members](#ourbus)
> - Amtrak Keystone 663 (arriving 10:35am) from New York
> - <s>Amtrak Regional 143 (arriving 11:12am) from New York, Stamford, New Haven, Hartford, & Springfield (MA)</s> <i>Amtrak has updated their schedules such that this train no longer operates.</i>
> - Amtrak Acela 2249 (arriving 11:15am) from New York, Stamford, New Haven, Providence, & Boston; and connecting with Empire 250 from Poughkeepsie & Albany


### TransportationCamp PHL Exploration Challenge [11:30am-3:30pm]

<center><img src="/events/phl2022-summer/art_museum.jpg" width="45%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/> </center>

At 11:30am, we will kickoff the second-annual TransportationCamp PHL Exploration Challenge! The unique choose-your-own-adventure format encourages attendees to meet new people in small groups of around 5 (+/- 2), explore the city's transportation highlights, and see some of Philadelphia's best attractions.

Groups will form at 11:30am, so if you're coming by yourself or a couple, you'll be able to meet other attendees before the challenge commences and set out on your exploration with others. Feel free to invite your significant other, family, and friends.

Participants will be provided a map of key locations in the Philadelphia region — both transit-related and not — and an associated "point value," earned by posting a photo of the entire team at their designated location to a designated channel on the TransportationCamp PHL Slack. **The team that earns the most points will win a prize!**

<div class="gallery">
	<div class="image">
		<img class="gallery" src="/events/phl2022-summer/swag-bag-winners.jpg" width="100%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/>
	</div><div class="image">
		<img class="gallery" src="/events/phl2022-summer/team-with-cash.jpg" width="100%" height="auto" style="border: 1px solid black; box-shadow: 5px 5px 5px grey;"/>
	</div>
</div>

&nbsp;
<br>
Examples:

| Highlight | Points |
|-----|:-----:|
| Riding every SEPTA mode | TBD |
| Using a IndeGo bike | TBD |
| Getting lunch at Reading Terminal Market | TBD |
| Visiting the 69th Street Terminal | TBD |
| Visiting the Ben Franklin Bridge walkway | TBD |

**Think of it like a scavenger hunt where YOU retain control your destinations, route, and itinerary.** Those who want to spend most of their time talking with others are encouraged to do so while visiting the transit highlights on the map, whereas those new to Philadelphia are also encouraged to explore all that the region has to offer. Whatever you're looking to do, our map is sure to give you inspiration to make the most of the challenge. Attended in the past? Be prepared for a new map with changes to the locations and point values!



### Afternoon Gathering & Happy Hour [4-5:30pm]

The challenge will conclude at 3:30pm, followed by the Afternoon Gathering at [Cira Green](https://ciragreen.com/about/) — a unique elevated urban park located one block from 30th Street Station — or a similar location TBA. Snacks and beverages are available at [Sunset Social](https://sunsetsocialphl.com/) in the park.

This will be a time to discuss the things you saw, transportation developments in to Philadelphia and beyond, and to connect with likeminded individuals.

We'll also recognize our winners

### [OPTIONAL] After the event

Are you local or making a weekend trip? After the event concludes, there's tons of great ways to extend the fun. Coordinate plans with other attendees in the event slack's #2022-summer-weekend channel. Some suggestions:

- Get tickets to the 6:05pm Phillies Game (vs Chicago Cubs)!
  - *Note: Instead of group tickets this year, we encourage interested attendees to coordinate with one another in the event slack.*
- Continue exploring the Philadelphia region with other newfound friends, including other sights on the map you didn't get to visit
- Go "down the shore" and spend a night in "America's Playground" of Atlantic City, then wake up to miles of gorgeous beaches along the boardwalk

## Safety Precautions

As with before, this event attempts to minimize total indoor gathering size by encouraging the formation of small groups during the exploration component, and using large, airy venues where possible. All participants will be expected to comply with local and federal guidelines regarding COVID-19 safety measures, including any mask requirements for public transportation. All attendees are participating at their own risk.


##  <a name="connect"></a> Stay Connected

Make sure you're up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampPHL), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/), and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCPHLSummer22**.

Most importantly, stay tuned to the **TCPHL Slack site** where we'll announce additional details and coordinate day-of logistics. New attendees will receive the slack invite after registering; previous attendees should verify their slack notifications remain enabled.

Want to make sure you don't miss a thing? We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h5>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h5>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp PHL is organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel's Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).
