events/phl2020/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2020"
title: TransportationCamp Virtual 2020
published: true
---

**Join us for the first TransportationCamp Virtual, TCPHL's response to COVID-19!**

![Scenes from TransportationCamp PHL 2019](/events/phl2018/Scenes%20from%20TCPHL18.jpg)

Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, we welcome you to join us online for a day filled with ideas at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism.

This is not your normal conference. **And it's NOT some webinars on a Saturday.**

As always, the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event. And despite the virtual constraints, we've spent a considerable amount of time to keep the experience as close to the in-person event as possible.

- Enjoy conversing with new connections over breakfast and lunch at virtual "tables."
- Sessions will remain interactive conversations, so clean off your webcam!
- In keeping with the conference tradition, meet fellow attendees during "three-word intros."
- Help shape the day by proposing a session, conversation, or gathering when joining us for the event.
- After the sessions, keep the conversations going with new connections by gathering in a virtual room.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you… via your webcam.

# <center>Join Us Virtually on April 25, 2020</center>

Although this event is being hosted at no charge to attendees, we're asking all participants to register in advance and [subscribe to email updates](#connect) to better coordinate the virtual logistics.


## <a name="registration"></a> Registration

<div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=100059366258&ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="400" width="100%" vspace="0" hspace="0" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto" allowtransparency="true"></iframe></div>


##  <a name="connect"></a> Stay Connected

Make sure you're up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCVirtual20**.

Want to make sure you don't miss a thing? We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h5>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h5>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->



## TCVirtual Logistics

TransportationCamp Virtual will be a live, real-time event happening on April 25. 

The conference shall comprise of two main areas: session "rooms" and an open seating area with "tables." Much like how one would navigate an in-person conference (having coffee at a table, going to a room for each session, having lunch at a table with others, etc.), attendees of TCVirtual will do the same… the difference being the rooms and tables will each be a distinct videoconference meeting room.

The programming has been specifically structured to accommodate the virtual event, and we think it will flow fairly seamlessly. Specific details and links will be shared with registered attendees, so make sure to register for the event.

## <a name="schedule"></a> Schedule

*Below is a draft of the TCVirtual schedule. All times will be Eastern Daylight Time.*

| Time | Event |
|------|------|
| 9am-9:30am | "Coffee" and Networking |
| 9:30am-10:20am | Welcome, Introductions, Session Proposals |
| 10:30am-11:15am | Session 1
| 11:25am-12:10pm | Session 2
| 12:15pm-1:15pm | "Birds of a Feather" Lunch
| 1:15pm-2:00pm |Session 3
| 2:10pm-2:55pm | *Possible* Session 4
| 3pm | Afternoon Hangout

## Sponsorship

TransportationCampPHL has always been made possible thanks to the generous support of numerous sponsors, including AECOM, TransitCenter, and WSP. This year, we are offering a flat $500 sponsorship of session rooms, but are open to combining multiple donors into a single sponsorship. If interested, please contact us at [transportationcampphl@gmail.com](mailto:transportationcampphl@gmail.com).

Want to learn more about the conference? Check out the ["First Time at a TransportationCamp?"](#firsttime) section below.

## <a name="firsttime"></a> First Time at a TransportationCamp?

Despite being virtual, this event will still follow the standard guidelines and practices from a normal TransportationCamp event. Here are some details.

- **How To TransportationCamp**: The folks at MobilityLab have taken the time to put together a [TransportationCamp 101 guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/) that explains all aspects of the event.
- **Participation Encouraged**: Sessions are formed as the day goes on, so be sure to come with topics for discussion. If you have an idea, feel free to share and add your thoughts. 
- **Rule of Two <s>Feet</s> Clicks:** Never hesitate to leave a session if you suddenly find it's not for you, or if there's another session that you want to check out, too!
- **Dress Code**: TransportationCamp has always been a very casual event, especially via the virtual format. We've always said, your best attire is your coolest transportation tee shirt!

Want a better sense of the vibe? Check out last year's [photo gallery](https://flic.kr/s/aHsmhQCQbL) and [session schedule](https://tinyurl.com/tcphl19board) and from our inaugural year ([2018 Photos](https://flic.kr/s/aHsmhQCQbL), [2018 Sessions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSmc891MrEUuYGkoGbz-4xh_KUo5YVFy4M_eoyKvjtv0GVM2dgBzDDEioXKhmHD_PGFz1jvsELOD9E8/pubhtml?gid=0&single=true)).


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp Philadelphia is being organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and  bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's five co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).


---

### *<a name="scholarship"></a> Deferred to 2021: The TCPHL Academic Innovation Award*

TransportationCamp PHL was pleased to launch the **2020 TransportationCamp PHL Academic Innovation Award presented by David Klahr Consulting**! This award, the first of its kind for a TransportationCamp, challenged students to prepare a response to the following prompt:

> *Transportation networks are becoming increasingly integrated, with multimodal journeys representing a much larger portion of individual mode choice. Some modes provide robust interoperability in payment systems, such as EZ Pass which can be used by an automobile anywhere in the Northeast. Others, such as transit systems, are typically restricted by mode and operator (e.g. SEPTA Key), limiting integration with counterpart networks.*
> 
> *What can the Philadelphia region do right now with existing real-world systems and resources to make this work better?  What actionable changes would you implement in this region, and why? How would these changes promote integrated mobility solutions?*

Updates will be made prior to the award's issuance in 2021. Submissions must be in PDF format, no longer than 10 pages (including any pictures/graphs/charts), and submitted no later than March 14, 2020 at [this site](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSch14g_2RnTaq1cdmHLVbTJcFA3ozxlnGeQwKfm_ec-OPLT2w/viewform). **The winner shall receive the award, free admission to the conference, and a generous $500 scholarship!**

Commit message:

TC Virtual Day-Before Update

events/phl2020/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Jeff Kessler
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "phl2020"
title: TransportationCamp Virtual 2020
published: true
---

**Join us for the first TransportationCamp Virtual, TCPHL's response to COVID-19!**

![Scenes from TransportationCamp PHL 2019](/events/phl2018/Scenes%20from%20TCPHL18.jpg)

> # If you are a registered attendee, please check the email at which you registered for connection details.

Whether you work in the industry or simply have an interest, we welcome you to join us online for a day filled with ideas at the intersection of transportation, technology, and urbanism.

This is not your normal conference. **And it's NOT some webinars on a Saturday.**

As always, the participant-driven TransportationCamp conference series follows the "unconference" format, lending itself to a more pertinent, thought-provoking, and active event. And despite the virtual constraints, we've spent a considerable amount of time to keep the experience as close to the in-person event as possible.

- Enjoy conversing with new connections over breakfast and lunch at virtual "tables."
- Sessions will remain interactive conversations, so clean off your webcam!
- In keeping with the conference tradition, meet fellow attendees during "three-word intros."
- Help shape the day by proposing a session, conversation, or gathering when joining us for the event.
- After the sessions, keep the conversations going with new connections by gathering in a virtual room.

Organized by passionate Philadelphians in conjunction with the Philadelphia chapters of Young Professionals in Transportation (YPT) and Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS), and Drexel University’s Lindy Institute for Urban Innovation, we look forward to seeing you… via your webcam.

# <center>Join Us Virtually on April 25, 2020</center>

Although this event is being hosted at no charge to attendees, we're asking all participants to register in advance and [subscribe to email updates](#connect) to better coordinate the virtual logistics.


## <a name="registration"></a> Registration

<div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="https://eventbrite.com/tickets-external?eid=100059366258&ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="400" width="100%" vspace="0" hspace="0" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto" allowtransparency="true"></iframe></div>

We've sold out, but are releasing some additional tickets from the waitlist! Add your name to the waitlist and monitor your email — once a ticket is released, you'll need to claim it quickly!


##  <a name="connect"></a> Stay Connected

Make sure you're up to date by following us on Twitter [@TranspoCampPHL](https://twitter.com/transpocampphl), liking us on [Facebook](http://facebook.com/TranspoCamp-PHL), joining our [LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8652914/) to meet fellow campers beforehand, and by subscribing to our MailChimp [email updates](http://eepurl.com/c8tKwH). And, keep the conversation going! Tag your tweets, instagram photos, and more with the official event hashtag: **#TCVirtual20**.

Want to make sure you don't miss a thing? We encourage you to subscribe to our mailing list:

<!-- Begin MailChimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
	#mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; }
	/* Add your own MailChimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
	   We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://transportationcamp.us16.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d&amp;id=2063a25409" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h5>Stay Up to Date with TCPHL!</h5>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-FNAME">First Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="FNAME" class="" id="mce-FNAME">
</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-LNAME">Last Name </label>
	<input type="text" value="" name="LNAME" class="" id="mce-LNAME">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_107afa43a0eb0b24c856a920d_2063a25409" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>
<script type='text/javascript' src='//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/mc-validate.js'></script><script type='text/javascript'>(function($) {window.fnames = new Array(); window.ftypes = new Array();fnames[0]='EMAIL';ftypes[0]='email';fnames[1]='FNAME';ftypes[1]='text';fnames[2]='LNAME';ftypes[2]='text';}(jQuery));var $mcj = jQuery.noConflict(true);</script>
<!--End mc_embed_signup-->



## TCVirtual Logistics

TransportationCamp Virtual will be a live, real-time event happening on April 25. 

The conference shall comprise of two main areas: session "rooms" and an open seating area with "tables." Much like how one would navigate an in-person conference (having coffee at a table, going to a room for each session, having lunch at a table with others, etc.), attendees of TCVirtual will do the same… the difference being the rooms and tables will each be a distinct videoconference meeting room.

The programming has been specifically structured to accommodate the virtual event, and we think it will flow fairly seamlessly. Specific details and links will be shared with registered attendees, so make sure to register for the event.

## <a name="schedule"></a> Schedule

*Below is a draft of the TCVirtual schedule. All times will be Eastern Daylight Time.*

| Time | Event |
|------|------|
| 9am-9:30am | "Coffee" and Networking |
| 9:30am-10:20am | Welcome, Introductions, Session Proposals |
| 10:30am-11:15am | Session 1
| 11:25am-12:10pm | Session 2
| 12:15pm-1:15pm | "Birds of a Feather" Lunch
| 1:20pm-2:05pm |Session 3
| 2:15pm-3pm | *Tentative* Session 4
| 3pm | Afternoon Hangout

## Sponsorship

### Thank you [TransitCenter](http://transitcenter.org/), [Uber](http://uber.com/), [WTS Philadelphia](http://www.wtsinternational.org/philadelphia/), [Azavea](https://www.azavea.com/), and [the Evans Network of Companies](https://theenoc.com/) for helping make TransportationCamp Virtual a reality!

TransportationCampPHL has always been made possible thanks to the generous support of numerous sponsors. This year, we are offering a flat $500 sponsorship of session rooms, but are open to combining multiple donors into a single sponsorship. If interested, please contact us at [transportationcampphl@gmail.com](mailto:transportationcampphl@gmail.com).

Want to learn more about the conference? Check out the ["First Time at a TransportationCamp?"](#firsttime) section below.

## <a name="firsttime"></a> First Time at a TransportationCamp?

Despite being virtual, this event will still follow the standard guidelines and practices from a normal TransportationCamp event. Here are some details.

- **How To TransportationCamp**: The folks at MobilityLab have taken the time to put together a [TransportationCamp 101 guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/) that explains all aspects of the event.
- **Participation Encouraged**: Sessions are formed as the day goes on, so be sure to come with topics for discussion. If you have an idea, feel free to share and add your thoughts. 
- **Rule of Two <s>Feet</s> Clicks:** Never hesitate to leave a session if you suddenly find it's not for you, or if there's another session that you want to check out, too!
- **Dress Code**: TransportationCamp has always been a very casual event, especially via the virtual format. We've always said, your best attire is your coolest transportation tee shirt!

Want a better sense of the vibe? Check out last year's [photo gallery](https://flic.kr/s/aHsmhQCQbL) and [session schedule](https://tinyurl.com/tcphl19board) and from our inaugural year ([2018 Photos](https://flic.kr/s/aHsmhQCQbL), [2018 Sessions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSmc891MrEUuYGkoGbz-4xh_KUo5YVFy4M_eoyKvjtv0GVM2dgBzDDEioXKhmHD_PGFz1jvsELOD9E8/pubhtml?gid=0&single=true)).


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp Philadelphia is being organized thanks to a collaborative effort between YPT, WTS, and Drexel Lindy Institute. Passionate about transportation and  bringing the conference to Philadelphia, the conference's five co-chairs span a diverse array of subsets in the industry with professional experience in both public and private transportation operations, transportation planning, and logistics consulting. For additional breadth, the conference has a larger working group whose collective knowledge and expertise spans all facets of the industry and includes all levels of transportation involvement (ranging from career professionals to engaged hobbyists).


---

### *<a name="scholarship"></a> Deferred to 2021: The TCPHL Academic Innovation Award*

TransportationCamp PHL was pleased to launch the **2020 TransportationCamp PHL Academic Innovation Award presented by David Klahr Consulting**! This award, the first of its kind for a TransportationCamp, challenged students to prepare a response to the following prompt:

> *Transportation networks are becoming increasingly integrated, with multimodal journeys representing a much larger portion of individual mode choice. Some modes provide robust interoperability in payment systems, such as EZ Pass which can be used by an automobile anywhere in the Northeast. Others, such as transit systems, are typically restricted by mode and operator (e.g. SEPTA Key), limiting integration with counterpart networks.*
> 
> *What can the Philadelphia region do right now with existing real-world systems and resources to make this work better?  What actionable changes would you implement in this region, and why? How would these changes promote integrated mobility solutions?*

Updates will be made prior to the award's issuance in 2021. Submissions must be in PDF format, no longer than 10 pages (including any pictures/graphs/charts), and submitted no later than March 14, 2020 at [this site](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSch14g_2RnTaq1cdmHLVbTJcFA3ozxlnGeQwKfm_ec-OPLT2w/viewform). **The winner shall receive the award, free admission to the conference, and a generous $500 scholarship!**
