events/new-england-2014/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Andy Cochran
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "new-england-2014"
title: TransportationCamp New England 2014
wordpress_id: 
published: true
---

The 1st Annual TransportationCamp New England will be held on Saturday, April 5, 2014.

Following on the success of previous Transportation Camps, TransportationCamp New England '14 will continue to examine ways to build connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation planning, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering.

The registration link and collaboration page are coming soon.

We're excited to be hosted by MIT and the MIT Transportation Club at the Stata Center, Main Floor, 32 Vassar St, Cambridge, MA 02139.

The location is easy to get to, the Stata Center is located two blocks west of the Kendall/MIT T-Station (Red Line).

Here's more info including [map and directions](http://www.gbcacm.org/venues/cambridge/mit-building-32-stata-center.html).

After wrapping up the day at 5pm we will go for drinks at a location nearby, (location TBD). The happy hour will be hosted by the Young Professionals in Transportation (Boston Chapter).

TransportationCamp New England '14 is organized by [Cambridge Systematics](www.camsys.com), [Young Professionals in Transportation](http://yptransportation.org/), and [MIT](http://web.mit.edu/).

Commit message:

add registration link, twitter handle

events/new-england-2014/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Andy Cochran
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "new-england-2014"
title: TransportationCamp New England 2014
wordpress_id: 
published: true
---

The 1st Annual TransportationCamp New England will be held on Saturday, April 5, 2014.

Following on the success of previous Transportation Camps, TransportationCamp New England '14 will continue to examine ways to build connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation planning, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering.

You can [register here]http://www.eventbrite.com/e/transportation-camp-new-england-14-tickets-10281011783. The collaboration page is coming soon. Follow us on Twitter for the latest updates, @TranspoCampNE.

We're excited to be hosted by MIT and the MIT Transportation Club at the Stata Center, Main Floor, 32 Vassar St, Cambridge, MA 02139.

The location is easy to get to, the Stata Center is located two blocks west of the Kendall/MIT T-Station (Red Line).

Here's more info including [map and directions](http://www.gbcacm.org/venues/cambridge/mit-building-32-stata-center.html).

After wrapping up the day at 5pm we will go for drinks at a location nearby, (location TBD). The happy hour will be hosted by the Young Professionals in Transportation (Boston Chapter).

TransportationCamp New England '14 is organized by [Cambridge Systematics](www.camsys.com), [Young Professionals in Transportation](http://yptransportation.org/), and [MIT](http://web.mit.edu/).
