events/dc-2017/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc-2017"
title: TransportationCamp DC 2017
published: true
---
The 6th annual TransportationCamp in Washington, DC, is scheduled for Saturday, January 7, 2017.
Registration will open in the Fall. We'll be returning to Founders Hall, in George Mason University's [Arlington Campus](http://arlington.gmu.edu/).

TransportationCamp DC happens the Saturday before the National Academy of Sciences' [Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting/). We
attract over 400 industry thought leaders, young professionals, and students from around the country.
As an unconference, all of the sessions are created by the participants themselves.
This format fosters excellent exchange of innovative ideas in a high-energy environment.
Be a part of shaping the explosive pace of change in technology, shared use mobility, the integration of transportation and the built environment, and a host of other issues.
Bring us your ideas and lead a session!

Curious what happened last year at TransportationCamp DC 2016? Browse the [Session Schedule](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2016/schedule.html) to see which topics were discussed,
and read the notes that were taken.  

<iframe align="center" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1552.8558231973786!2d-77.10089523808!3d38.88483864213981!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b6828ba038d9%3A0xdc8b8bb98b169604!2sGeorge+Mason+University-Arlington+Campus!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1412725299805" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0"></iframe>

&nbsp;

<img src="mobilitylab64x64.jpg" style="float:right;width:64px;height:64px;">TransportationCamp DC 2017 is organized by [Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/) with help from local and national organizations.

Stay tuned to [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp) (and the [#transpo17](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo17) hashtag)
for news about this event and other TransportationCamps as they are announced.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/mvjantzen/15662555003/" title="TransportationCamp DC 2015"><img src="https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7496/15662555003_46ee1c9fa6_m.jpg" width="198" height="132" alt="TransportationCamp DC 2015"></a>
<a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/mvjantzen/15663480523/" title="The Board"><img src="https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8641/15663480523_4180b79746_m.jpg" width="198" height="132" alt="TransportationCamp DC 2015"></a>
<a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/mvjantzen/16281595951/" title="Founders Hall"><img src="https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7512/16281595951_b0d6039a92_m.jpg" width="198" height="132" alt="TransportationCamp DC 2015"></a>
</p>

Commit message:

add Hays Outside the Box Competition

events/dc-2017/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc-2017"
title: TransportationCamp DC 2017
published: true
---
The 6th annual TransportationCamp in Washington, DC, is scheduled for Saturday, January 7, 2017.
Registration will open in the Fall. We'll be returning to Founders Hall, in George Mason University's [Arlington Campus](http://arlington.gmu.edu/).

TransportationCamp DC happens the Saturday before the National Academy of Sciences' [Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting/). We
attract over 400 industry thought leaders, young professionals, and students from around the country.
As an unconference, all of the sessions are created by the participants themselves.
This format fosters excellent exchange of innovative ideas in a high-energy environment.
Be a part of shaping the explosive pace of change in technology, shared use mobility, the integration of transportation and the built environment, and a host of other issues.
Bring us your ideas and lead a session!

We'll once again team up with [Hays Outside the Box Competition](http://outsidethebox.gmu.edu), to be held the same day, during the final
period of TransportationCamp.

Curious what happened last year at TransportationCamp DC 2016? Browse the [Session Schedule](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2016/schedule.html) to see which topics were discussed,
and read the notes that were taken.  

<iframe align="center" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1552.8558231973786!2d-77.10089523808!3d38.88483864213981!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b6828ba038d9%3A0xdc8b8bb98b169604!2sGeorge+Mason+University-Arlington+Campus!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1412725299805" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0"></iframe>

&nbsp;

<img src="mobilitylab64x64.jpg" style="float:right;width:64px;height:64px;">TransportationCamp DC 2017 is organized by [Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/) with help from local and national organizations.

Stay tuned to [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp) (and the [#transpo17](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo17) hashtag)
for news about this event and other TransportationCamps as they are announced.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/mvjantzen/15662555003/" title="TransportationCamp DC 2015"><img src="https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7496/15662555003_46ee1c9fa6_m.jpg" width="198" height="132" alt="TransportationCamp DC 2015"></a>
<a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/mvjantzen/15663480523/" title="The Board"><img src="https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8641/15663480523_4180b79746_m.jpg" width="198" height="132" alt="TransportationCamp DC 2015"></a>
<a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/mvjantzen/16281595951/" title="Founders Hall"><img src="https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7512/16281595951_b0d6039a92_m.jpg" width="198" height="132" alt="TransportationCamp DC 2015"></a>
</p>
