events/new-england-2023/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Marc Ebuña
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "new-england-2023"
title: TransportationCamp NE 2023
published: true
logo: Header-Image_website.png
logo-alt: "TransportationCamp New England 2023: October 7 at MIT Stata Center"
hide-title: true
---


<h1 style="color: #FF6600;">TransportationCamp New England is back!</h1>

After a 3 year hiatus, we return in-person for New England’s 6th annual camp on Saturday, October 7th at the [MIT Stata Center](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//Stata+Center,+32+Vassar+St,+Cambridge,+MA+02139/@42.3616134,-71.0932104,17z/data=!4m18!1m8!3m7!1s0x89e370a95d3025a9:0xb1de557289ff6bbe!2sStata+Center,+32+Vassar+St,+Cambridge,+MA+02139!3b1!8m2!3d42.3616095!4d-71.0906355!16zL20vMDEyamZ2!4m8!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x89e370a95d3025a9:0xb1de557289ff6bbe!2m2!1d-71.0906355!2d42.3616095!3e3?entry=ttu)! Join us to be a part of the conversation on all topics of mobility in this open and inclusive event.

TransportationCamp is an **[unconference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unconference)** - every session is **planned, proposed, and led by attendees like you**. It&#39;s the perfect opportunity to share your transportation passion with a diverse gathering of fellow enthusiasts. TransportationCamp welcomes all attendees, whether you&#39;re a planner, software developer, engineer, student, transportation professional, community member, policy maker, or just excited about mobility!

## Registration

<h3 style="color: #FF6600;">Registration IS OPEN!</h3>

<div id="eventbrite-widget-container-61410959834"></div>

<script src="https://www.eventbrite.com/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '61410959834',
        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-61410959834',
        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: 425,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>


[Sign up for emails](https://mailchi.mp/c4f666d15575/tcampne) and follow [@TranspoCampNE](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampNE) on Twitter and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TranspoCampNE/) for updates.
## Getting to TCNE

Located two blocks west of Kendall station on the Red Line, the Stata Center is easily accessible by foot, bike, and transit. Limited parking is available.

> [MIT Stata Center
> 32 Vassar Street
> Cambridge, MA 02139](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//Stata+Center+32+Vassar+St+Cambridge,+MA+02139/@42.361707,-71.1728641,12z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m9!4m8!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x89e370a95d3025a9:0xb1de557289ff6bbe!2m2!1d-71.0906355!2d42.3616095!3e3?entry=ttu)

## Digital Board
Follow along with the live board when the day arrives!

## Schedule

| Time | Event |
|--------|--------|
| **8:00am** | Doors open - Registration & Breakfast
| **9:15am - 10:30am** | Welcome Session (Stata 32-123)
| **10:45am - 11:45am** | 1st session (in classrooms)
| **12:00pm - 1:00pm** | 2nd session (in classrooms)
| **1:00pm - 2:00pm** | Lunch
| **2:15pm - 3:15pm** | 3rd session (in classrooms)
| **3:30pm - 4:30pm** | 4th session (in classrooms)
| **5:00pm** | Happy Hour

### Things To Know

* **First time at an unconference?**: Check out [How TransportationCamp works: the essential guide](/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide) for a quick introduction!
* **Dress code**: It's an unconference—tasteful casual is fine!
* **Internet access**: Free Wi-Fi will be available in all event spaces—we'll have more information when you check in.
* **Presentation pointers**: Many breakout rooms have a projector, so if you’re thinking of proposing a session and you’d like to present, bring a laptop. We’ll supply a display cable & will bring as many adaptors as possible, but bring an adaptor for your laptop just in case. Most breakout rooms will also have a chalkboard.

## Stay Connected

Follow [@TranspoCampNE](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampNE) on Twitter and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TranspoCampNE/) for updates.

Keep the conversation going at camp and beyond by using the event hashtag <span style="color: #FF6600;">**#TCNE23**</span>.

If you have any questions, email us at <transpocampne@gmail.com>.

## Sponsorship

We need your help keeping TransportationCamp NE admission accessible for more diverse perspectives! [Become a sponsor](2023 Sponsorship Prospectus-2023-06-22.pdf) to elevate this event and connect with passionate people in mobility.

<style type="text/css">
.sponsors {
  text-align: center;
}

.sponsor {
  display: inline-block;
  padding: 0.5em;
  vertical-align: middle;
}

.platinum .sponsor {
  max-width: 300px;
}

.gold .sponsor {
  max-width: 250px;
}

.silver .sponsor {
  max-width: 200px;
}

.bronze .sponsor {
  max-width: 175px;
}
</style>


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp New England 2023 is organized by the [Boston Chapter of Young Professionals in Transportation](https://yptransportation.org/boston/).

Commit message:

NE2023: MIT building 26 instead of Stata Center

events/new-england-2023/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Marc Ebuña
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "new-england-2023"
title: TransportationCamp NE 2023
published: true
logo: Header-Image_website.png
logo-alt: "TransportationCamp New England 2023: October 7 at MIT"
hide-title: true
---


<h1 style="color: #FF6600;">TransportationCamp New England is back!</h1>

After a 3 year hiatus, we return in-person for New England’s 6th annual camp on Saturday, October 7th at [MIT](https://maps.app.goo.gl/9dkojPAdqRk4jbZt8)! Join us to be a part of the conversation on all topics of mobility in this open and inclusive event.

TransportationCamp is an **[unconference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unconference)** - every session is **planned, proposed, and led by attendees like you**. It&#39;s the perfect opportunity to share your transportation passion with a diverse gathering of fellow enthusiasts. TransportationCamp welcomes all attendees, whether you&#39;re a planner, software developer, engineer, student, transportation professional, community member, policy maker, or just excited about mobility!

## Registration

<h3 style="color: #FF6600;">Registration IS OPEN!</h3>

<div id="eventbrite-widget-container-61410959834"></div>

<script src="https://www.eventbrite.com/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '61410959834',
        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-61410959834',
        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: 425,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>


[Sign up for emails](https://mailchi.mp/c4f666d15575/tcampne) and follow [@TranspoCampNE](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampNE) on Twitter and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TranspoCampNE/) for updates.

## Getting to TCNE

Located two blocks west of Kendall station on the Red Line, MIT building 26 is easily accessible by foot, bike, and transit. Limited parking is available.

> [MIT Compton Laboratories (26)
> Access Via 60 Vassar Street
> Cambridge, MA 02139](https://maps.app.goo.gl/9dkojPAdqRk4jbZt8)

## Digital Board
Follow along with the live board when the day arrives!

## Schedule

| Time | Event |
|--------|--------|
| **8:00am** | Doors open - Registration & Breakfast
| **9:15am - 10:30am** | Welcome Session (MIT 26-100)
| **10:45am - 11:45am** | 1st session (in classrooms)
| **12:00pm - 1:00pm** | 2nd session (in classrooms)
| **1:00pm - 2:00pm** | Lunch
| **2:15pm - 3:15pm** | 3rd session (in classrooms)
| **3:30pm - 4:30pm** | 4th session (in classrooms)
| **5:00pm** | Happy Hour

### Things To Know

* **First time at an unconference?**: Check out [How TransportationCamp works: the essential guide](/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide) for a quick introduction!
* **Dress code**: It's an unconference—tasteful casual is fine!
* **Internet access**: Free Wi-Fi will be available in all event spaces—we'll have more information when you check in.
* **Presentation pointers**: Many breakout rooms have a projector, so if you’re thinking of proposing a session and you’d like to present, bring a laptop. We’ll supply a display cable & will bring as many adaptors as possible, but bring an adaptor for your laptop just in case. Most breakout rooms will also have a chalkboard.

## Stay Connected

Follow [@TranspoCampNE](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampNE) on Twitter and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TranspoCampNE/) for updates.

Keep the conversation going at camp and beyond by using the event hashtag <span style="color: #FF6600;">**#TCNE23**</span>.

If you have any questions, email us at <transpocampne@gmail.com>.

## Sponsorship

We need your help keeping TransportationCamp NE admission accessible for more diverse perspectives! [Become a sponsor](2023 Sponsorship Prospectus-2023-06-22.pdf) to elevate this event and connect with passionate people in mobility.

<style type="text/css">
.sponsors {
  text-align: center;
}

.sponsor {
  display: inline-block;
  padding: 0.5em;
  vertical-align: middle;
}

.platinum .sponsor {
  max-width: 300px;
}

.gold .sponsor {
  max-width: 250px;
}

.silver .sponsor {
  max-width: 200px;
}

.bronze .sponsor {
  max-width: 175px;
}
</style>


## Organizing Committee

TransportationCamp New England 2023 is organized by the [Boston Chapter of Young Professionals in Transportation](https://yptransportation.org/boston/).
