events/dc-2015/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc-2015"
title: Transportation Camp DC 2015
wordpress_id: 1623
published: true
---

The 4th Annual Transportation Camp Washington DC will be held on Saturday, January 10, 2015. The event will be the day before the start of the [Transportation Research Board 94th Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting2015/AnnualMeeting2015.aspx). We are being hosted by the [George Mason University School of Policy, Government, and International Affairs](http://spgia.gmu.edu/), at [Founders Hall](http://arlington.gmu.edu/).

Registration is at [transportationcamp2015dc.eventbrite.com](https://transportationcamp2015dc.eventbrite.com). Keep in touch with us on Twitter via [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp).

The “unconference” is designed to bring together transportation professionals, technologists, and others interested in the intersection of urban transportation and technology. Anyone who wants to improve mobility is welcome! Here's our handy guide: [How TransportationCamp works: the essential guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/).

## Schedule and event notes
There will be four periods for breakout sessions. The sessions will be proposed the morning of the event and scheduled after the introductory session. Once "The Wall" is posted, we will copy the schedule online (this page will be updated with the link). Each session will have notes available on shared documents that everyone is encouraged to edit (in real time). If you're in a session and mention a link, it's a good idea to add the link to the notes for that session.

The event will be followed by a happy hour at [Spider Kelly's](http://spiderkellys.com/), courtesy of [TransitCenter](http://transitcenter.org/).

The event hashtag is [#transpo](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo&src=typd&f=realtime). We'll be projecting real-time tweets in the multi-purpose room.

## Share your ideas!
TransportationCamp attendees are submitting ideas on the Twitter [collaboration site](http://ideas.transportationcamp.org). Some fascinating discussions are underway, and the list keeps growing. Any of those topics can become a session at Camp, if someone is willing to lead it.

Review the list and help the best topics become sessions. Leave responses and use the “support this” button to let others know what topics are hot. If something grabs your attention or gets you worked up, blog about it and post a link.

Bring your ideas to expand the opportunities we have to improve mobility through recent advances in technology, such as web 2.0, mobile computing, open source software, open data and APIs, and spatial analysis. Participants will also examine ways to build connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering.

## Details
We open registration and a light breakfast at 8:30am. Lunch and breakfast are included with your registration. Camp starts promptly with Reveille at 9:00am. The schedule will have four periods of breakout sessions, spread out among ten rooms. We will have 3-4 pre-set panels, with topics to be announced later. The program wraps up at 5:00pm, after which everyone is invited to a local pub for a Post-Camp Happy Hour!

You can read about last year's Transportation Camp on [mobilitylab.org](http://mobilitylab.org/tag/transportationcamp/), and visit the sites for previous years: [2012](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc/), [2013](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2013/), and [2014](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2014/). 

We'll be returning this year to GMU Founders Hall, at 3351 Fairfax Drive, Arlington, VA 22201. The campus is easy to get to:

  * Founders Hall is located two blocks east of the [Virginia Square-GMU](http://www.wmata.com/rail/station_detail.cfm?station_id=98) Metro station (on the Orange and Silver lines).
  * There is a [Capital Bikeshare](http://www.capitalbikeshare.com/) station in front of Founders Hall.
  * Metro [bus 38B](http://www.wmata.com/bus/timetables/view.cfm?line=12) runs between Ballston (Virginia) and Farragut Square (DC, via Georgetown).

<iframe align=center src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1552.8558231973786!2d-77.10089523808!3d38.88483864213981!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b6828ba038d9%3A0xdc8b8bb98b169604!2sGeorge+Mason+University-Arlington+Campus!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1412725299805" width="640" height="320" frameborder="0" style="border:0"></iframe>

Here's a map of the [Arlington campus](http://info.gmu.edu/Maps/ArlingtonMap14.pdf). 

If you're in town early, the [Transportation Techies](http://www.meetup.com/Transportation-Techies/) meetup group will have a meetup on Thursday, January 8 called [Autotopia Night](http://www.meetup.com/Transportation-Techies/events/213357602/), about traffic/parking and technology (contact the group if interested in presenting an app or data visualization). More info via [@techiesdc](https://twitter.com/techiesdc).

TransportationCamp DC '15 is organized by [Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/), [TransitCenter](http://transitcenter.org/), [Open Plans](http://openplans.org/), the [GMU School of Policy, Government, and International Affairs](http://spgia.gmu.edu/), the [American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials](http://www.transportation.org/), the [Institute of Transportation Engineers](http://www.ite.org/), [Young Professionals in Transportation](http://yptransportation.org/), and [Transportation Research Board](http://www.trb.org/).

Commit message:

added para about panel discussions

events/dc-2015/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc-2015"
title: Transportation Camp DC 2015
wordpress_id: 1623
published: true
---

The 4th Annual Transportation Camp Washington DC will be held on Saturday, January 10, 2015. The event will be the day before the start of the [Transportation Research Board 94th Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting2015/AnnualMeeting2015.aspx). We are being hosted by the [George Mason University School of Policy, Government, and International Affairs](http://spgia.gmu.edu/), at [Founders Hall](http://arlington.gmu.edu/).

Registration is at [transportationcamp2015dc.eventbrite.com](https://transportationcamp2015dc.eventbrite.com). Keep in touch with us on Twitter via [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp).

The “unconference” is designed to bring together transportation professionals, technologists, and others interested in the intersection of urban transportation and technology. Anyone who wants to improve mobility is welcome! Here's our handy guide: [How TransportationCamp works: the essential guide](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/).

## Schedule and event notes
There will be four periods for breakout sessions. The sessions will be proposed the morning of the event and scheduled after the introductory session. Once "The Wall" is posted, we will copy the schedule online (this page will be updated with the link). Each session will have notes available on shared documents that everyone is encouraged to edit (in real time). If you're in a session and mention a link, it's a good idea to add the link to the notes for that session.

The event will be followed by a happy hour at [Spider Kelly's](http://spiderkellys.com/), courtesy of [TransitCenter](http://transitcenter.org/).

The event hashtag is [#transpo](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo&src=typd&f=realtime). We'll be projecting real-time tweets in the multi-purpose room.

## Share your ideas!
TransportationCamp attendees are submitting ideas on the Twitter [collaboration site](http://ideas.transportationcamp.org). Some fascinating discussions are underway, and the list keeps growing. Any of those topics can become a session at Camp, if someone is willing to lead it.

Review the list and help the best topics become sessions. Leave responses and use the “support this” button to let others know what topics are hot. If something grabs your attention or gets you worked up, blog about it and post a link.

Bring your ideas to expand the opportunities we have to improve mobility through recent advances in technology, such as web 2.0, mobile computing, open source software, open data and APIs, and spatial analysis. Participants will also examine ways to build connections between disparate innovators in public administration, transportation operations, information design, and software engineering.

Our sponsors are organizing panel discussions that will be part of the first period of breakout sessions.

## Details
We open registration and a light breakfast at 8:30am. Lunch and breakfast are included with your registration. Camp starts promptly with Reveille at 9:00am. The schedule will have four periods of breakout sessions, spread out among ten rooms. We will have 3-4 pre-set panels, with topics to be announced later. The program wraps up at 5:00pm, after which everyone is invited to a local pub for a Post-Camp Happy Hour!

You can read about last year's Transportation Camp on [mobilitylab.org](http://mobilitylab.org/tag/transportationcamp/), and visit the sites for previous years: [2012](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc/), [2013](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2013/), and [2014](http://transportationcamp.org/events/dc-2014/). 

We'll be returning this year to GMU Founders Hall, at 3351 Fairfax Drive, Arlington, VA 22201. The campus is easy to get to:

  * Founders Hall is located two blocks east of the [Virginia Square-GMU](http://www.wmata.com/rail/station_detail.cfm?station_id=98) Metro station (on the Orange and Silver lines).
  * There is a [Capital Bikeshare](http://www.capitalbikeshare.com/) station in front of Founders Hall.
  * Metro [bus 38B](http://www.wmata.com/bus/timetables/view.cfm?line=12) runs between Ballston (Virginia) and Farragut Square (DC, via Georgetown).

<iframe align=center src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1552.8558231973786!2d-77.10089523808!3d38.88483864213981!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b6828ba038d9%3A0xdc8b8bb98b169604!2sGeorge+Mason+University-Arlington+Campus!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1412725299805" width="640" height="320" frameborder="0" style="border:0"></iframe>

Here's a map of the [Arlington campus](http://info.gmu.edu/Maps/ArlingtonMap14.pdf). 

If you're in town early, the [Transportation Techies](http://www.meetup.com/Transportation-Techies/) meetup group will have a meetup on Thursday, January 8 called [Autotopia Night](http://www.meetup.com/Transportation-Techies/events/213357602/), about traffic/parking and technology (contact the group if interested in presenting an app or data visualization). More info via [@techiesdc](https://twitter.com/techiesdc).

TransportationCamp DC '15 is organized by [Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/), [TransitCenter](http://transitcenter.org/), [Open Plans](http://openplans.org/), the [GMU School of Policy, Government, and International Affairs](http://spgia.gmu.edu/), the [American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials](http://www.transportation.org/), the [Institute of Transportation Engineers](http://www.ite.org/), [Young Professionals in Transportation](http://yptransportation.org/), and [Transportation Research Board](http://www.trb.org/).
