events/dc2019/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc2019"
title: TransportationCamp DC 2019
published: true
---
Each year, TransportationCamp DC brings together a sell-out crowd of up to 500 thinkers and doers in the fields of transportation and technology. It’s not your traditional conference. In addition to talks and presentations from big names in the field, the heart of TransportationCamp is sessions and activities led by attendees themselves. Held on the Saturday before [Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting), it is a high-energy, exciting day of presentations, panels, and networking opportunities — all created and led by the diverse innovators who attend.

Join us for DC’s 8th annual event on **Saturday, January 12, 2019**. We’ll be returning to Founders Hall, at George Mason University’s Arlington Campus.

Registration is now open at [eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-dc-2019-tickets-52221497906](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-dc-2019-tickets-52221497906). Tickets are $50; students are $35. Price includes breakfast and lunch.

*Curious what happened last year at TransportationCamp DC? Browse the [2018 Session Schedule](http://bit.ly/transpo18) to explore topics and catch up with session minutes.*

### Get Here
Founders Hall is located at GMU’s [Arlington Campus](http://arlington.gmu.edu/) ([campus map](http://www.gmu.edu/resources/welcome/ArlingtonMap2017.pdf)).

  * Founders Hall is two blocks east of the [Virginia Square-GMU](http://www.wmata.com/rail/station_detail.cfm?station_id=98) Metro station (on the Orange and Silver lines).
  * There is a [Capital Bikeshare](http://www.capitalbikeshare.com/) station in front of Founders Hall.
  * Metro [bus 38B](https://buseta.wmata.com/m/?q=38B) runs between Ballston (Virginia) and Farragut Square (DC, via Georgetown).
  * Arlington's [ART 41](http://www.arlingtontransit.com/pages/routes/art-41/) bus runs between Court House, Clarendon, and Columbia Pike.
  * The [Founders Hall Parking Garage](http://parking.gmu.edu/arlingtoncampusparking.html) has a daily rate of $8 (enter via Kirkwood Rd).

<iframe align="center" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1552.8558231973786!2d-77.10089523808!3d38.88483864213981!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b6828ba038d9%3A0xdc8b8bb98b169604!2sGeorge+Mason+University-Arlington+Campus!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1412725299805" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0"></iframe>

### Sponsors
[Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/), Arlington County’s living laboratory for research and development, hosts and organizes the event each year. Our sponsors for TransportationCamp DC 2019 are:
<img src="sponsors680x580.png">
Interested in joining our sponsors? Prospective sponsors can find out more information [here](prospectus.pdf).

### Keep Up              
Stay tuned to [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp) (and the [#transpo19](https://twitter.com/hashtag/transpo19) hashtag) for news about this event and other TransportationCamps as they are announced.

Commit message:

announce new venue: Catholic University

events/dc2019/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "dc2019"
title: TransportationCamp DC 2019
published: true
---
Each year, TransportationCamp DC brings together a sell-out crowd of up to 500 thinkers and doers in the fields of transportation and technology. It’s not your traditional conference. In addition to talks and presentations from big names in the field, the heart of TransportationCamp is sessions and activities led by attendees themselves. Held on the Saturday before [Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting](http://www.trb.org/AnnualMeeting), it is a high-energy, exciting day of presentations, panels, and networking opportunities — all created and led by the diverse innovators who attend.

Join us for DC’s 8th annual event on **Saturday, January 12, 2019**.

🚨 NEW VENUE! 🚨 (updated Dec 1, 2018)
TransportationCamp DC is now scheduled to take place at Catholic University's [Pryzbyla Center](http://pryzbyla.cua.edu/). After six year at George Mason University’s Founders Hall in Arlington, we'll be returning to DC.

Registration is now open at [eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-dc-2019-tickets-52221497906](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-dc-2019-tickets-52221497906). Tickets are $50; students are $35. Price includes breakfast and lunch.

*Curious what happened last year at TransportationCamp DC? Browse the [2018 Session Schedule](http://bit.ly/transpo18) to explore topics and catch up with session minutes.*

### Get Here
Founders Hall is located at GMU’s [Arlington Campus](http://arlington.gmu.edu/) ([campus map](http://www.gmu.edu/resources/welcome/ArlingtonMap2017.pdf)).

  * Founders Hall is two blocks east of the [Virginia Square-GMU](http://www.wmata.com/rail/station_detail.cfm?station_id=98) Metro station (on the Orange and Silver lines).
  * There is a [Capital Bikeshare](http://www.capitalbikeshare.com/) station in front of Founders Hall.
  * Metro [bus 38B](https://buseta.wmata.com/m/?q=38B) runs between Ballston (Virginia) and Farragut Square (DC, via Georgetown).
  * Arlington's [ART 41](http://www.arlingtontransit.com/pages/routes/art-41/) bus runs between Court House, Clarendon, and Columbia Pike.
  * The [Founders Hall Parking Garage](http://parking.gmu.edu/arlingtoncampusparking.html) has a daily rate of $8 (enter via Kirkwood Rd).

<iframe align="center" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1552.8558231973786!2d-77.10089523808!3d38.88483864213981!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b6828ba038d9%3A0xdc8b8bb98b169604!2sGeorge+Mason+University-Arlington+Campus!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1412725299805" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0"></iframe>

### Sponsors
[Mobility Lab](http://mobilitylab.org/), Arlington County’s living laboratory for research and development, hosts and organizes the event each year. Our sponsors for TransportationCamp DC 2019 are:
<img src="sponsors680x580.png">
Interested in joining our sponsors? Prospective sponsors can find out more information [here](prospectus.pdf).

### Keep Up              
Stay tuned to [@transpocamp](https://twitter.com/transpocamp) (and the [#transpo19](https://twitter.com/hashtag/transpo19) hashtag) for news about this event and other TransportationCamps as they are announced.
