events/south-2019/index.markdown, before:

---
comments: false
date: 2019-02-09 12:00:00+00:00
layout: event
slug: "south-2019"
title: TransportationCamp South 2019
published: true
---

<p style="background-color:#d5ecf9;padding:1em">
    📶 Wi-Fi Network is <strong>GTVisitor</strong>. The password is <strong>8D2FC</strong>.
<br>
<br>
📋 "The Board" is online at <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oI_W4S4TmBa09Yf0SkWl6gMxnR319K9s0Ah-ssDw2lc">bit.ly/transpo19</a>.
</p>

TransportationCamp South returns to **Atlanta** for its sixth year on Saturday, February 9th!

See full event details and register online at [transpocampsouth2019.eventbrite.com](https://transpocampsouth2019.eventbrite.com).

*Price includes breakfast, box lunch, snacks, beverages and a shirt.*

<div id="eventbrite-widget-container-50608885539"></div>

<script src="https://www.eventbrite.com/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '50608885539',
        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-50608885539',

        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: 425,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>

TransportationCamp South seeks to bring together participants from across the Southeast region. If interested in sponsoring, partnering or volunteering, please email [transpocamp@conveyal.com](mailto:transpocamp@conveyal.com).

### Event Schedule

- **9:00-10:00 AM**: Registration | Breakfast
- **10:00-10:45 AM**: Kick-off & Session Planning
- **10:45-11:45 AM**: Breakout Session #1
- **12:00-1:00 PM**: Breakout Session #2
- **1:00-2:00 PM**: Lunch
- **2:00-3:00 PM**: Breakout Session #3
- [After-party](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ypt-transportation-camp-happy-hour-tickets-55967458174) hosted by [YPT Atlanta](https://yptransportation.org/map/atlanta/) @ [Cypress Street Pint & Plate](http://cypressbar.com/) (817 W Peachtree St NW)

### Location and Time

Check-in and registration is at **9am on Saturday**, February 9th, at the **[Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons (CULC)](https://goo.gl/maps/rJYBixJY1m82)** on Georgia Tech's campus. The final session ends at 3pm with a happy hour gathering to follow nearby in Midtown Atlanta.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d486.47228671592603!2d-84.39660233982086!3d33.77500427433919!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x88f50489e24c4cc7%3A0x2f07c28c3abda31b!2sClough+Undergraduate+Learning+Commons!5e1!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1547497672029" width="672" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0; margin-bottom: 20px" allowfullscreen></iframe>

![Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons](./clough-arrow.png)

### Keep it social!

Follow us on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TranspoCampSouth/) and Twitter [@TranspoCampSo](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampSo) using **[#transpo19](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo19)** & **[#TCS19](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23TCS19)**.

<!-- Begin Mailchimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/horizontal-slim-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
    #mc_embed_signup{
      background:#fff;
      clear:left;
      font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;
      width:100%;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }
    /* Add your own Mailchimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
       We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
  <form action="https://transportationcamp.us10.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=7aacee540fbb2e1c59f301677&amp;id=c2b43a0265" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
     <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
      <label for="mce-EMAIL">Stay up to date with TransportationCamp South!</label>
      <input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="email" id="mce-EMAIL" placeholder="email address" required>
     <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
     <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_7aacee540fbb2e1c59f301677_c2b43a0265" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
     <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
     </div>
  </form>
</div>

<!--End mc_embed_signup-->

### Organizers

<!-- Special thanks to [Conveyal](https://conveyal.com) for running the event, Georgia Tech (and Dr. Kari Watkins) for arranging for the event space, and all of our other amazing sponsors for support in this and past years. -->

[<img width="200" style="margin-bottom: 20px" src="./util.png">](http://util.gatech.edu/) [<img width="200" style="margin-right: 20px" src="./conveyal.png">](https://conveyal.com) [<img width="160" style="margin-left: 15px; margin-bottom: 20px" src="./cfpt.png">](http://www.cfpt.org)

<!-- [<img width="375" src="./gt.jpg">](https://ce.gatech.edu/) -->


### Sponsors

[<img src="./stride.png">](https://stride.ce.ufl.edu/)

[<img src="./gti.png">](http://www.gti.gatech.edu/)

<p style="margin: 0 auto; display: block; max-width: 480px"><a href="https://itsmarta.com"><img src ="./marta.png" /></a></p>

### Partners

[<img width="160" style="margin-bottom: 10px" src="./marta-army.png">](http://www.martaarmy.org/) [<img width="160" src="./ypt.png">](https://yptransportation.org/map/atlanta/) [<img width="160" src="./peds.png">](https://www.peds.org/) [<img width="160"  style="margin-bottom: 40px" src="./route.png">](https://rte.nyc/) [<img width="160"  style="margin-bottom: 40px" src="./gabikes.png">](http://georgiabikes.org/) [<img width="160" src="./streetcar.jpg">](https://www.itsmarta.com/streetcar.aspx)

Commit message:

south-2019: post event updates (add photos link)

events/south-2019/index.markdown, after:

---
comments: false
date: 2019-02-09 12:00:00+00:00
layout: event
slug: "south-2019"
title: TransportationCamp South 2019
published: true
---

**[See photos from the event on Facebook.](https://www.facebook.com/pg/TranspoCampSouth/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1332439630242697)**

<p style="background-color:#d5ecf9;padding:1em">
    📶 Wi-Fi Network is <strong>GTVisitor</strong>. The password is <strong>8D2FC</strong>.
<br>
<br>
📋 "The Board" is online at <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oI_W4S4TmBa09Yf0SkWl6gMxnR319K9s0Ah-ssDw2lc">bit.ly/transpo19</a>.
</p>

TransportationCamp South returns to **Atlanta** for its sixth year on Saturday, February 9th!

See full event details and register online at [transpocampsouth2019.eventbrite.com](https://transpocampsouth2019.eventbrite.com).

*Price includes breakfast, box lunch, snacks, beverages and a shirt.*

<div id="eventbrite-widget-container-50608885539"></div>

<script src="https://www.eventbrite.com/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '50608885539',
        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-50608885539',

        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: 425,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>

TransportationCamp South seeks to bring together participants from across the Southeast region. If interested in sponsoring, partnering or volunteering, please email [transpocamp@conveyal.com](mailto:transpocamp@conveyal.com).

### Event Schedule

- **9:00-10:00 AM**: Registration | Breakfast
- **10:00-10:45 AM**: Kick-off & Session Planning
- **10:45-11:45 AM**: Breakout Session #1
- **12:00-1:00 PM**: Breakout Session #2
- **1:00-2:00 PM**: Lunch
- **2:00-3:00 PM**: Breakout Session #3
- [After-party](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/ypt-transportation-camp-happy-hour-tickets-55967458174) hosted by [YPT Atlanta](https://yptransportation.org/map/atlanta/) @ [Cypress Street Pint & Plate](http://cypressbar.com/) (817 W Peachtree St NW)

### Location and Time

Check-in and registration is at **9am on Saturday**, February 9th, at the **[Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons (CULC)](https://goo.gl/maps/rJYBixJY1m82)** on Georgia Tech's campus. The final session ends at 3pm with a happy hour gathering to follow nearby in Midtown Atlanta.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d486.47228671592603!2d-84.39660233982086!3d33.77500427433919!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x88f50489e24c4cc7%3A0x2f07c28c3abda31b!2sClough+Undergraduate+Learning+Commons!5e1!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1547497672029" width="672" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0; margin-bottom: 20px" allowfullscreen></iframe>

![Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons](./clough-arrow.png)

### Keep it social!

Follow us on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TranspoCampSouth/) and Twitter [@TranspoCampSo](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampSo) using **[#transpo19](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23transpo19)** & **[#tcsouth](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23tcsouth)**.

<!-- Begin Mailchimp Signup Form -->
<link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/horizontal-slim-10_7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style type="text/css">
    #mc_embed_signup{
      background:#fff;
      clear:left;
      font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;
      width:100%;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }
    /* Add your own Mailchimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block.
       We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */
</style>
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
  <form action="https://transportationcamp.us10.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=7aacee540fbb2e1c59f301677&amp;id=c2b43a0265" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
     <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
      <label for="mce-EMAIL">Stay up to date with TransportationCamp South!</label>
      <input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="email" id="mce-EMAIL" placeholder="email address" required>
     <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
     <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_7aacee540fbb2e1c59f301677_c2b43a0265" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
     <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
     </div>
  </form>
</div>

<!--End mc_embed_signup-->

### Organizers

<!-- Special thanks to [Conveyal](https://conveyal.com) for running the event, Georgia Tech (and Dr. Kari Watkins) for arranging for the event space, and all of our other amazing sponsors for support in this and past years. -->

[<img width="200" style="margin-bottom: 20px" src="./util.png">](http://util.gatech.edu/) [<img width="200" style="margin-right: 20px" src="./conveyal.png">](https://conveyal.com) [<img width="160" style="margin-left: 15px; margin-bottom: 20px" src="./cfpt.png">](http://www.cfpt.org)

<!-- [<img width="375" src="./gt.jpg">](https://ce.gatech.edu/) -->


### Sponsors

[<img src="./stride.png">](https://stride.ce.ufl.edu/)

[<img src="./gti.png">](http://www.gti.gatech.edu/)

<p style="margin: 0 auto; display: block; max-width: 480px"><a href="https://itsmarta.com"><img src ="./marta.png" /></a></p>

### Partners

[<img width="160" style="margin-bottom: 10px" src="./marta-army.png">](http://www.martaarmy.org/) [<img width="160" src="./ypt.png">](https://yptransportation.org/map/atlanta/) [<img width="160" src="./peds.png">](https://www.peds.org/) [<img width="160"  style="margin-bottom: 40px" src="./route.png">](https://rte.nyc/) [<img width="160"  style="margin-bottom: 40px" src="./gabikes.png">](http://georgiabikes.org/) [<img width="160" src="./streetcar.jpg">](https://www.itsmarta.com/streetcar.aspx)
