events/ithaca2019/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "ithaca2019"
title: TransportationCamp Ithaca 2019
published: true
---

For registration and complete information, see [eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-ithaca-2019-tickets-51294341757](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-ithaca-2019-tickets-51294341757). Registration is $15 for everybody.

## Date And Time

Sat, January 19, 2019
8:00 AM – 4:30 PM EST

## Location

Klarman Hall<br>
232 East Avenue<br>
Cornell University<br>
Ithaca, NY 14850

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d735.9990105210468!2d-76.48286876217288!3d42.44910031712899!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0xde7194889beeb346!2sCornell+University+Department+of+Romance+Studies!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1547094486449" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

TransportationCamp Ithaca 2019 is located on the historic Cornell University Arts Quad at Klarman & Goldwin Smith Halls (co-joined). We will assemble in Klarman Atrium for registration, breakfast buffet, and introductions. Five periods of up to four+ concurrent sessions will follow. Breakfast & lunch will be served in the atrium.

For questions, contact dwight.mengel@dfa.state.ny.us.

Commit message:

Ithaca 2019 cancelled/moved to April

events/ithaca2019/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "ithaca2019"
title: TransportationCamp Ithaca 2019
published: true
---

Because of the forecasted snow, TransportationCamp Ithaca has been cancelled and will be rescheduled to April 6th. Please check [https://www.tccoordinatedplan.org/transportationcamp-2019.html](https://www.tccoordinatedplan.org/transportationcamp-2019.html) for updates.

## Location

Klarman Hall<br>
232 East Avenue<br>
Cornell University<br>
Ithaca, NY 14850

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d735.9990105210468!2d-76.48286876217288!3d42.44910031712899!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0xde7194889beeb346!2sCornell+University+Department+of+Romance+Studies!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1547094486449" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

TransportationCamp Ithaca 2019 is located on the historic Cornell University Arts Quad at Klarman & Goldwin Smith Halls (co-joined). We will assemble in Klarman Atrium for registration, breakfast buffet, and introductions. Five periods of up to four+ concurrent sessions will follow. Breakfast & lunch will be served in the atrium.

For questions, contact dwight.mengel@dfa.state.ny.us.
