events/colorado-2016/index.markdown, before:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "colorado-2016"
title: TransportationCamp Colorado 2016
published: true
---
**Registration is now open!**

Do you have creative ideas for how Colorado’s cities can grow and move more
sustainably? Do you wish the Front Range had more ride/bike/carsharing, open data and
transit­oriented development? Are you developing the next great mobility app? Then the
inaugural TransportationCamp Colorado, an innovation in transportation unconference on
**Sunday May 15, 2016**, is for you.

### Goal

<img float="right" align="right" width="192" height="96" src="tcco.jpg">TransportationCamp CO 2016 aims to inform and connect Colorado’s urban transport
community and raise awareness about local trends and opportunities. We’ll gather
planners, software developers, data scientists, engineers, designers, entrepreneurs,
students and government officials interested in discussing and collaborating on innovative
solutions to Colorado’s transportation challenges.

### Format

Unlike a traditional conference, at an unconference the attendees set the agenda by
proposing sessions they’d like to lead. This provides a unique opportunity for you to
contribute to and shape the event. Bring your ideas and lead a session! We want to hear
about what you’re working on. Find some guidance on how TransportationCamps work
and how to prepare a compelling session [here](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/).

### Tentative Schedule

    8:30am – Coffee, light breakfast and registration
    Midday – Break for lunch
    5:00pm – Happy hour (location TBD)

We'll be including a [Data Challenge](data.html) as part of the schedule.

### Venue

TransportationCamp CO 2016 will be held at the University of Colorado Boulder’s  
[Environmental Design](http://www.colorado.edu/envd/) (ENVD) building, 314 UCB, 1060 18th Street, Boulder, CO 80302.
The venue is two blocks from the intersection of Broadway Street and Euclid Avenue and
accessible by bus, bicycle, and car.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d3056.0629536049787!2d-105.27002260538976!3d40.00704135233603!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0xbff7a59f1bab6b00!2sEnvironmental+Design!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1457415724781" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Registration

Event registration is now open! Click [here](https://transportationcampco2016.eventbrite.com/) to purchase your ticket for TransportationCamp
CO 2016.

### Sponsors

A warm thank you to our inaugural event sponsors, [CartoDB](https://cartodb.com/) and [WTS Colorado](http://www.wtsinternational.org/colorado/).

<img width="387" height="100" src="cartodb.png"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img width="220" height="100" src="wts.png">

### Organizers

TransportationCamp CO 2016 is organized by [Bespoke Transit Solutions](http://www.bespoketransit.com/), a Boulder-
based boutique transportation consulting firm.

### Contact Us

Email us with questions or media/sponsorship inquiries at <transpocampCO@gmail.com>.

Stay tuned here or on Twitter ([@TranspoCampCO](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampCO)) for event updates.

Commit message:

move content to home page
good grief :P

events/colorado-2016/index.markdown, after:

---
author: Michael Schade
comments: false
date: {}
layout: event
slug: "colorado-2016"
title: TransportationCamp Colorado 2016
published: true
---
**Registration is now open!**

Do you have creative ideas for how Colorado’s cities can grow and move more
sustainably? Do you wish the Front Range had more ride/bike/carsharing, open data and
transit­oriented development? Are you developing the next great mobility app? Then the
inaugural TransportationCamp Colorado, an innovation in transportation unconference on
**Sunday May 15, 2016**, is for you.

### Goal

<img float="right" align="right" width="192" height="96" src="tcco.jpg">TransportationCamp CO 2016 aims to inform and connect Colorado’s urban transport
community and raise awareness about local trends and opportunities. We’ll gather
planners, software developers, data scientists, engineers, designers, entrepreneurs,
students and government officials interested in discussing and collaborating on innovative
solutions to Colorado’s transportation challenges.

### Format

Unlike a traditional conference, at an unconference the attendees set the agenda by
proposing sessions they’d like to lead. This provides a unique opportunity for you to
contribute to and shape the event. Bring your ideas and lead a session! We want to hear
about what you’re working on. Find some guidance on how TransportationCamps work
and how to prepare a compelling session [here](http://transportationcamp.org/2011/02/how-transportationcamp-works-the-essential-guide/).

### New! Data Challenge
We're including a data challenge in <a href="http://transportationcamp.org/events/colorado-2016/">TransportationCamp CO</a>.
Data enthusiasts are invited to explore various open datasets and develop a cool, visually inspiring data analysis of any part of the Colorado transportation system.  There will be an afternoon breakout session where participants can present their solutions.

Here are some datasets to help get you started:
* Boulder BCycle - 2011-2015 trip data [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/l32w80hhcbqcsm3/Boulder%20B-cycle%20May%202011-December%202015%20Trip%20Data.xlsx?dl=0);
* Denver BCycle - 2010-2015 trip data [here](https://denver.bcycle.com/company);
* Open Colorado - various city, county & state datasets [here](http://data.opencolorado.org/);
* Colorado Information Marketplace - Colorado transportation data [here](https://us-mg6.mail.yahoo.com/neo/data.colorado.gov/browse).

Here are two examples of similar data challenges to help provide ideas and get your creative juices flowing:
[Hubway Data Visualization Challenge](http://hubwaydatachallenge.org/) and
[Chicago Bike Equity](http://www.stevevance.net/slowrollchicago/).  Good luck! We are excited to see what you come up with.

### Tentative Schedule

    8:30am – Coffee, light breakfast and registration
    Midday – Break for lunch
    5:00pm – Happy hour (location TBD)

### Venue

TransportationCamp CO 2016 will be held at the University of Colorado Boulder’s  
[Environmental Design](http://www.colorado.edu/envd/) (ENVD) building, 314 UCB, 1060 18th Street, Boulder, CO 80302.
The venue is two blocks from the intersection of Broadway Street and Euclid Avenue and
accessible by bus, bicycle, and car.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d3056.0629536049787!2d-105.27002260538976!3d40.00704135233603!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0xbff7a59f1bab6b00!2sEnvironmental+Design!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1457415724781" width="680" height="340" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Registration

Event registration is now open! Click [here](https://transportationcampco2016.eventbrite.com/) to purchase your ticket for TransportationCamp
CO 2016.

### Sponsors

A warm thank you to our inaugural event sponsors, [CartoDB](https://cartodb.com/) and [WTS Colorado](http://www.wtsinternational.org/colorado/).

<img width="387" height="100" src="cartodb.png"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img width="220" height="100" src="wts.png">

### Organizers

TransportationCamp CO 2016 is organized by [Bespoke Transit Solutions](http://www.bespoketransit.com/), a Boulder-
based boutique transportation consulting firm.

### Contact Us

Email us with questions or media/sponsorship inquiries at <transpocampCO@gmail.com>.

Stay tuned here or on Twitter ([@TranspoCampCO](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampCO)) for event updates.
