events/nyc-2017/index.markdown, before:

---
comments: false
date: 2017-10-21 12:00:00+00:00
layout: event
slug: "nyc-2017"
title: TransportationCamp NYC 2017
published: true
---

##### October 21, 2017—NYU Tandon School of Engineering

TransportationCamp NYC 2017 will foster open conversation and collaboration between all parties interested in mobility and the radical changes the near-future promises in transportation.

Our goal is to assemble planners, software developers, engineers, students, dreamers, professionals, and civic leaders for an exciting day of "un-conferencing." Unlike a traditional conference, the specific session topics are determined by participants, which provides each attendee an opportunity to lead and shape the event.

### Schedule

* 9:00AM: Doors open; breakfast in Pfizer Auditorium
* 10:00AM: Welcome and Kick Off in Pfizer Auditorium
* 10:15AM: Registration closes
* 11:10AM: Session 1 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 12:15PM: Lunch in EventSpace
* 1:30PM: Session 2 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 2:30PM: Session 3 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 3:30PM: Snack in EventSpace
* 4:00PM: Session 4 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 5:00PM Happy Hour at Hill Country Brooklyn - 345 Adams, 2nd Floor (ADA Accessible)

### Presenting?

Thinking about presenting at a session? Many of the breakout rooms are equipped with a projector, so if you plan to propose a session and present, please bring a laptop. We'll supply a VGA cable for Windows and have a limited supply of adapters for Macs. Most breakout rooms will also have a whiteboard.

We will be handing out session idea cards throughout registration. If you have an idea for a session, feel free to write it down in advance.

### Social + WiFi

#tcnyc17

Twitter: @TranspoCampNYC

WiFi Network: nyuguest

Guest ID: TCNYC2017

Password: TranspoCamp2017@NYU

Keep in touch with our Twitter @TranspoCampNYC for all the latest news and updates about #TCNYC17

### Registration

**[Registration for TransportationCamp NYC 2017 is almost sold out!](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-nyc-2017-tickets-34557142343)**

General admission is $25, and students attend FREE!

What you get for your admission:

* Full day of TransportationCamp NYC
* Breakfast, lunch, and midday refreshments at Camp
* Admission to additional events over the Camp weekend
* New friends and memories for a lifetime!

Stay tuned for details on our pre-camp events on 10/18 and 10/19 and our reception after camp to continue the conversations!

### Venue

TransportationCamp NYC will be held at NYU Tandon School of Engineering in Downtown Brooklyn. Our morning reception will be held at the Pfizer Auditorium in the Dibner Building (5 MetroTech Center, Brooklyn, NY, 11201). Afterwards, sessions will be held in Rogers Hall and the Jacobs Building, both located at 6 MetroTech Center. Camp can be accessed from Jay Street-MetroTech and Borough Hall stations (weekend track work will allow for access by the 4, 5, A, C, F, and R lines), CitiBike, numerous bus lines, and, with a short walk, the NYC Ferry DUMBO dock.

If you have any questions, reach out at [nyc@transportationcamp.org](mailto:nyc@transportationcamp.org) or on Twitter [@TranspoCampNYC](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampNYC).

**Interested in helping to make TransportationCamp NYC 2017 possible? [Sponsorship opportunities are available.](TransportationCampNYCSponsorship2017.pdf)**

### Sponsors


#### Platinum

<div class="sponsors platinum">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.cubic.com/Transportation"><img src="sponsors/platinum/cubic.jpg" alt="Cubic"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://transitcenter.org/"><img src="sponsors/platinum/transitcenter.png" alt="TransitCenter"></a></div>
</div>

#### Gold

<div class="sponsors gold">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://motivateco.com/"><img src="sponsors/gold/motivate.png" alt="Motivate"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://samschwartz.com/"><img src="sponsors/gold/sam_schwartz.jpg" alt="Sam Schwartz Engineering"></a></div>
</div>

#### Silver

<div class="sponsors silver">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.akrf.com/"><img src="sponsors/silver/akrf.jpg" alt="AKRF, Inc."></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://www.futuremobilityvehicles.com/">Future Mobility Vehicles</a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://www.gpinet.com/"><img src="sponsors/silver/gpi.png" alt="GPI"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.nycedc.com/"><img src="sponsors/silver/edc.png" alt="NYCEDC"></a></div>
</div>

#### Bronze

<div class="sponsors bronze">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.camsys.com/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/camsys.png" alt="Cambridge Systematics"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://completegeorge.org/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/completegeorge.png" alt="Complete George"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://ite-metsection.org/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/ite_met.png" alt="ITE Met Section"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://kmjinc.com/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/kmj.jpg" alt="KMJ Consulting Inc."></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://www.lkma.com/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/lkma.jpg" alt="L. K. McLean Associates, P.C."></a></div>
</div>

### Hosts

<div class="sponsors">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://c2smart.engineering.nyu.edu/"><img src="hosts/c2smart.png" alt="Connected Cities for Smart Mobility toward Accessible and Resilient Transportation (C2SMART)"></a></div>
</div>

<style type="text/css">
.sponsors {
  text-align: center;
}

.sponsor {
  display: inline-block;
  padding: 0.5em;
  vertical-align: middle;
}

.platinum .sponsor {
  max-width: 600px;
}

.gold .sponsor {
  max-width: 250px;
}

.silver .sponsor {
  max-width: 200px;
}

.bronze .sponsor {
  max-width: 175px;
}
</style>

Commit message:

TCNYC 2017: add link to online board

events/nyc-2017/index.markdown, after:

---
comments: false
date: 2017-10-21 12:00:00+00:00
layout: event
slug: "nyc-2017"
title: TransportationCamp NYC 2017
published: true
---

##### October 21, 2017—NYU Tandon School of Engineering

##### Joining us for Camp today? [View the board online here!](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTEKtPxGJKzL2go1h3s1AG1A0gDR2yCtA68AAiSWs_8gytc8CnhiMSYjShessGcP9Fc669EyM1f-mGG/pubhtml?gid=1321426310&single=true)

TransportationCamp NYC 2017 will foster open conversation and collaboration between all parties interested in mobility and the radical changes the near-future promises in transportation.

Our goal is to assemble planners, software developers, engineers, students, dreamers, professionals, and civic leaders for an exciting day of "un-conferencing." Unlike a traditional conference, the specific session topics are determined by participants, which provides each attendee an opportunity to lead and shape the event.

### Schedule

* 9:00AM: Doors open; breakfast in Pfizer Auditorium
* 10:00AM: Welcome and Kick Off in Pfizer Auditorium
* 10:15AM: Registration closes
* 11:10AM: Session 1 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 12:15PM: Lunch in EventSpace
* 1:30PM: Session 2 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 2:30PM: Session 3 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 3:30PM: Snack in EventSpace
* 4:00PM: Session 4 - Classrooms in 6 MetroTech
* 5:00PM Happy Hour at Hill Country Brooklyn - 345 Adams, 2nd Floor (ADA Accessible)

### Presenting?

Thinking about presenting at a session? Many of the breakout rooms are equipped with a projector, so if you plan to propose a session and present, please bring a laptop. We'll supply a VGA cable for Windows and have a limited supply of adapters for Macs. Most breakout rooms will also have a whiteboard.

We will be handing out session idea cards throughout registration. If you have an idea for a session, feel free to write it down in advance.

### Social + WiFi

#tcnyc17

Twitter: @TranspoCampNYC

WiFi Network: nyuguest

Guest ID: TCNYC2017

Password: TranspoCamp2017@NYU

Keep in touch with our Twitter @TranspoCampNYC for all the latest news and updates about #TCNYC17

### Registration

**[Registration for TransportationCamp NYC 2017 is almost sold out!](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/transportationcamp-nyc-2017-tickets-34557142343)**

General admission is $25, and students attend FREE!

What you get for your admission:

* Full day of TransportationCamp NYC
* Breakfast, lunch, and midday refreshments at Camp
* Admission to additional events over the Camp weekend
* New friends and memories for a lifetime!

Stay tuned for details on our pre-camp events on 10/18 and 10/19 and our reception after camp to continue the conversations!

### Venue

TransportationCamp NYC will be held at NYU Tandon School of Engineering in Downtown Brooklyn. Our morning reception will be held at the Pfizer Auditorium in the Dibner Building (5 MetroTech Center, Brooklyn, NY, 11201). Afterwards, sessions will be held in Rogers Hall and the Jacobs Building, both located at 6 MetroTech Center. Camp can be accessed from Jay Street-MetroTech and Borough Hall stations (weekend track work will allow for access by the 4, 5, A, C, F, and R lines), CitiBike, numerous bus lines, and, with a short walk, the NYC Ferry DUMBO dock.

If you have any questions, reach out at [nyc@transportationcamp.org](mailto:nyc@transportationcamp.org) or on Twitter [@TranspoCampNYC](https://twitter.com/TranspoCampNYC).

**Interested in helping to make TransportationCamp NYC 2017 possible? [Sponsorship opportunities are available.](TransportationCampNYCSponsorship2017.pdf)**

### Sponsors


#### Platinum

<div class="sponsors platinum">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.cubic.com/Transportation"><img src="sponsors/platinum/cubic.jpg" alt="Cubic"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://transitcenter.org/"><img src="sponsors/platinum/transitcenter.png" alt="TransitCenter"></a></div>
</div>

#### Gold

<div class="sponsors gold">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://motivateco.com/"><img src="sponsors/gold/motivate.png" alt="Motivate"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://samschwartz.com/"><img src="sponsors/gold/sam_schwartz.jpg" alt="Sam Schwartz Engineering"></a></div>
</div>

#### Silver

<div class="sponsors silver">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.akrf.com/"><img src="sponsors/silver/akrf.jpg" alt="AKRF, Inc."></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://www.futuremobilityvehicles.com/">Future Mobility Vehicles</a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://www.gpinet.com/"><img src="sponsors/silver/gpi.png" alt="GPI"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.nycedc.com/"><img src="sponsors/silver/edc.png" alt="NYCEDC"></a></div>
</div>

#### Bronze

<div class="sponsors bronze">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://www.camsys.com/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/camsys.png" alt="Cambridge Systematics"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://completegeorge.org/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/completegeorge.png" alt="Complete George"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="https://ite-metsection.org/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/ite_met.png" alt="ITE Met Section"></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://kmjinc.com/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/kmj.jpg" alt="KMJ Consulting Inc."></a></div>
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://www.lkma.com/"><img src="sponsors/bronze/lkma.jpg" alt="L. K. McLean Associates, P.C."></a></div>
</div>

### Hosts

<div class="sponsors">
<div class="sponsor"><a href="http://c2smart.engineering.nyu.edu/"><img src="hosts/c2smart.png" alt="Connected Cities for Smart Mobility toward Accessible and Resilient Transportation (C2SMART)"></a></div>
</div>

<style type="text/css">
.sponsors {
  text-align: center;
}

.sponsor {
  display: inline-block;
  padding: 0.5em;
  vertical-align: middle;
}

.platinum .sponsor {
  max-width: 600px;
}

.gold .sponsor {
  max-width: 250px;
}

.silver .sponsor {
  max-width: 200px;
}

.bronze .sponsor {
  max-width: 175px;
}
</style>
